Siri is amazing
_ps  is Cloudy.  tech, not very techy.
Why is the new  iPhone OS duplicating all my iCal events? There's 2 of everything. How do I fix it? (tried turning iCloud off)
Reconnaissance faciale poir debloquer ton phone :-)  
  Galaxy Nexus Press Release  
RT  : Apple have just announced they sold 4 million phones this weekend. Incredible. That recession continues to bite 
 It surprises me that  throws up an error alert about authorizing, and there's no "Authorize this computer" button.
I wonder If the person who has  is holding out for apple to buy it from them
RT  Messagerie vocale directement dans ICS  
As a huge podcast fan - I really feel like  dropped the ball on this one.  -5-still-lacks-smart-podcast-handling/  via 
 Google stellt das Galaxy Nexus vor (GoogleWatchBlog): Heute Nacht hat Google aus Hongkong das nachste Ne... 
Very nice trivia game by  . Helps you use their search better  
. if u need me just text me o wait u i wont get it cuz  fucks me every time 
Stay hungry, stay foolish. Steve Jobs, founder  
 Congrats on making it to the   4.0 demo :)    
 Phil Hellmuth and Sam Farha  poker fight:   Cost-free Poker University with...  
Watching iGenius on  . Based on first 13 minutes,  never should have gone public in 1980.
I made a reservation and yet I still have to wait in line. Humpt! Oh  ( Store w/ 2 others) 
Hmm, Google I really need a new phone. Please release the Galaxy Nexus asap!  
Gotta say the  itouch iphone shuffle etc.. sound quality is AWFUL.. painfully crap. Its been a downgrade from  sound quality wise
Go big or go home  users - here are some apps that make your  iPhone "s-s-super"  via  - MS
 Actualite Google Panda: Arrive pendant l'ete 2011 en France, Google Panda a ete concu afin ...  
Tips to make  always  your  
 Galaxy Nexus is now confirmed     
Excelente. Proximo cel? RT  : Presentancion  4.0 y Samsung Nexus Prime -   . (Se jodio  )
Uiiii Yo Quisiera Ser Tuu 
 WTF why can we not add the newsstand to a folder?! We are already in your walled garden, so please don't remind us of it.
 Tip:Meta nofollowed or robots.txt blocked pages DO receive pagerank juice when they get links. 
  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich Has Hardware Acceleration  
   7 Lessons Learned Running an SEO Agency   
A must read article on  about  ,  ,  , and  technology war in 2012 
Soooooo  ... All eyes on you! When can we order?    
 All about yesterday's  upgrade. Helpful but maddening
?Quien dijo crisis?  ha vendido 4 millones de unidades del  en solo tres dias
Hey  , pretty much all your products are amazing. You blow minds every time you launch a new gizmo. That said, your hold music is crap.
Dear  . I had to turn off all those awesome featured you just enabled. Data plan can't handle it. 200 mb of data just because #
Descuentos y offertas para applicaciones de   
when is  gonna update the fact that i can't see emoji on twitter for mac?
Why is  always down 
 tip:in multilang sites create folders for each lang.submit the urls in   tools+Use GeographicTarget
WOW the new   is just beautiful. totally gonna boost google's market share in the smart phone market.
 erneut im Fadenkreuz - Umweltverschmutzung?  -Zulieferer muss Produktion stoppen  .php 
What's up  ? How's every  user liking iOS 5?
_Mommy  I'd totally email the company... I always get great service at our  store!
U know the  company are giving out 500 iPads because Steve jobs past away
RT  : Microsoft opens the spigot, Windows Phone Mango available to all    
The four American companies that have come to define 21st-century on the verge of war.    and   
 's  4.0 Development Plan: Make Android Prettier  
Lekkere garantie volgens  bij  . 
Had ma Ipas not 24 hours an I jailbroke it...now its SHAGGED itunes won't letme restore it  SYM!!!!
  Ice Cream Sandwich Is Finally Official, And Here's What To Expect  
Is leaving Steve's photo on the  home page what he would really want? In his honor...let's get back to innovation!  Eh, _newton ?
 Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus 
 Newest Texas Holdem Zynga Poker Hack Cheat Update 18 October 2011.flv: Download Hyperlink: ur...  
Just saw my bud  of Credit Agricole Securities interviewed by   , covering  . You rocked it, Ed! 
.  fan Eric Holder spotted at the Genius Store 
Galaxy Nexus Promotion Video      
AsiaClassifiedToday: YHOO Q3 Conf Call: $20.4B Asian Assets, $19.5B Market Cap - Barron's (bl...    
  Epson Artisan 837: According to Epson you can also upgrade the printer to support Google Clo...  
The new Nexus looks good! UI feel a bit confusing but I guess Android users are ok with that! Now, try it :)   
 an  iPod Touch from _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!   Ends10/21
 store to get my phone fixed... ppl lined up for 4s 
 Tutoriel: Comment faire une fermeture a glissiere de fleurs: Ce que vous avez besoin: laigui...  
interesante por decirlo menos sabes que la camara del  le pertenece a  ... mmm ojala ande bien y no sea mala jugada de 
Que es  Beam? Una nueva forma que presenta  para compartir contenido, solo juntar los telefonos y pasar la informacion :)
   on the iphone4s???
 zichtbaar op    
Le  fait bien envie... Mais bizarrement ca me gene qu'il y soit marque  au dos.
When in doubt...  it!!!
   Been looking at Samsung ChatON tonight, very promising. Integrated with key apps 
The new android  phone makes the  look like a cheap toy at dollar store!     
Galaxy Nexus: Google-Handy mit HD-Display und Android 4.0 - Heise Newsticker  
 revela o Anddroi 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich: O Google revelou hoje durante um evento em Hong Kong a nova versao
"3 principal global players will be active in every market...  ,  , &  ."    
[  ]  + cost half a billion to build, driving users to  most followed user: Mark Zuckerberg.  
Many new features for Android.  
Ufff... after   and  meeting. Was great! 
Bon. Reste plus qu'a voir ce que ca va donner IRL.    
Wordt er al een beetje gebruik gemaakt van  + 
The battle of voice controlled AI platforms. If they were mobile OS ind - same q's as in IE antitrust case in EU? Vlingo v  v 
Vertical Solutions is giving away a  office pro pack at the  conference! Stop by their booth for a chance to win!
Siri says some weird things | This is my next...  i-weird-things-iphone-4s/  via      
Yellowgate? Some iPhone 4S Users Complain of Yellow Tint to Screen   
Looks like  did not appropriately project the resources needed for Siri. Not very reliable
Loving  !!  
Why  so valuable, good analysis of trended profits, iOS vs. Microsoft: Comparing the bottom lines  -vs-microsoft-comparing-the-bottom-lines/  via 
Dear  iMessage client for desktop please :)
  Ice Cream Sandwich Official Video  
Nouveau layout pour la Galerie qui est en forme de magazine  
www.google.com/googlenexus    
Here's what we know about the    
Como puedo checar mi correo si tengo cuenta  .com?? :S osea no q onda con eso!! jajaja
When I'm about to tweet something and I cant remember how to spell I go straight to 
Meu Bom Jesus que velocidade de captura e essa ?    
New mov: "??????  store ??" ?? / starring:ichiro_, REPEAT PATTERN, moda > 
 et je devrais arreter de vous glorifier et ca c'est pas cool...
 search to have default encryption 
I agree with  that the "Hangouts" on  + are friggin' awesome!
  ICS Has Completely Revamped Your Contacts Into The "People" app  
Hinweis: kostenlose SEO-Infos  
  Ice Cream Sandwich UI enhancements  a new spin on Android  
 's Ballmer: Were beating  in the  
Cool Infographic: Perks working for the big techs like  &  | 
Twitter integre dans ios5, mais le correcteur francais ne connait pas ce mot et propose titrer... Peut mieux faire comme integration 
 5  is a great system but it's taken all day to download 
Well  fixed my  battery drain problem with a replacement iPhone 4 -- it's working like a champ now
    Free Tool 
RT  : Der langsame Tod von SEO??  -Suche  fur eingeloggte User verschlusselt -    ...
 researchers want to turn your hand into a touchscreen 
 Tip:Redirect  to  by using 301 redirection.    
Non mais WTF !? RT  Google passe en HTTPS, un drame pour les statistiques    via 
It took  about 7 years just to figure out how to properly syncronize an iPhone.  WOW! 
   both of them are bs!!! How do u tell me go between a certain time ONLY and the muh fuh is closed!
 returns a Error 500 when we try to post the link to  Support Community detailing how to turn off auto renewal subscriptions.
Thanks to a 90 minute wait on hold, half an hour actually talking to someone, the  tech decides to send me an email to fix my phone
For Twitter, free speech is what matters  not real names.  /  
On Google+ then go here      
Nouveau lockscreen (ecran de deverrouillage) a la Honeycomb  
 s Ballmer: Android phones are boring, overcomplicated  rosofts-ballmer-android-phones-are-boring-overcomplicated/  via 
Lol and what do those look like? RT _ISH : Dear  Can We Get Some Afro-American Emoticons? -Management
   : Apple sells 4 million iPhone 4S units in first weekend ... Steve Jobs brilliance lives on for ever!  
Great post on the upcoming Great Tech Wars of 2012!      via 
the announcement is in hong kong....... gotcha       
  hopefully it's a small bug  must be fixing it. RIGHT  APPLE }:0( 
FUCK YOU  DIE IN A FUCKING BLAZE INFERNO.
RT  Le barometre est inclus dans le Galaxy Nexus  
RT : RT  : i like big glutus & i cannot lie  <sandra levels lol>
has the new iOS5 changed the way the iPad charges? I've noticed I can charge from my laptop & iPhone charger now   
Pagaliau oficialiai pristatytas Samsung Galaxy Nexus  _4  
on that  shit hard, change my twitter name to @_iFynest
 -  is not working due to "network problem"? Seriously? Can you fix this?  
Complimenti sinceri ad  per  va benissimo su  e 
Some people should not post replies in  + threads. Their posts only continue to weaken their creditbility.
  l.html?id=649285&utm_source=dc&utm_campaign=twitter&utm_medium=projectpage  via 
Panoramas sur ICS !  
Thank you  for Find My Mac - just located and wiped my stolen Air.   
me encanta sacarme dudas existenciales con respecto a la diferencia entre objetivamente y subjetivamente. GRACIAS  !
 now knows who my dad, mom, brother and girlfriend is.  Thanks 
 do not buy an iPhone 4s that isn't in the store. THEY ARE NOT MADE YET AND DEFRAUDING YOU
 iOS 5 upgrade done ...... Much better feature..... Few more feature required
Gone for a run, beautiful morning , man do I love iOS 5  , 
Having major battery drain issue since updating iPhone 4 to iOS 5.  Anyone else?   
oh and prolly ganna be late to work bc  has screwed me and my phone has my only alarm on it
-lint.com/news/42595/mot orola-droid-razr-finally-unveiled  via    
 iOS exclusivo, desde que no logre pasar a la segunda ronda de examenes para trabajar en  me cambie al mundo Mac
 should really take an in debt look at  's strategy... They released the  for  3 HOURS after release. 
So, I am using my work PC (NEVER EVER) to get a feel for it; it has the worst speakers ever!!  you have spoiled me!! 
Anyone else seeing missing signal bars on their  3GS with an upgrade to  ? cc/   
 my iPhone is charging very slowly!!!!!
Update : Google Officially calls Android Ice Cream Sandwich, Shouts Android 4.0    
fuck u 
 Says ICS Is Coming To The  S And Theoretically Should Work With 2.3 Devices 
 done that buddy, just  surprised that there's no option from  & if you turn it back on it brings back the pics u delete
Welcome Ice Cream Sandwich!     e-samsung-unveil-android-40-based-galaxy-nex 
RT -On Google+ then go here      
Notes for Jobs  store in Palo alto downtown. 
     -    sung-and-googles-ice-cream-sandwich-event-liveblog/ 
Just had a look on eBay for iPhone 4s and some have 13,16,24 bids at well over ?500 some ?530 (16gb white) , they are ?499 delivered 
On Google+ then go here      
Tres plaisante cette mise a jour d'Android ! En esperant que cela stimulera Apple a nous pondre du nouveau.  
Ishi o  do   nao funcionou no seu lancamento 
Y  ? "  : RIM anuncia mas de 150 millones de dispositivos Vendidos, 1 Billon de Apps Descargadas ymas 
China Machado, I was googling earlier the women that resembles my momma)    
        - Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich 
Project Greenwich 2 be released by  Research lets people curate their own personal history  1/ 
  Galaxy Nexus and Ice Cream Sandwich Promo Video Released, Verizon Spotted in...  
 +1 Stickers came with this month's Adsense cheque . 
iOS kan slanga sig i vaggen.  levererar! 
???? ???? Android Ice Cream Sandwich ??????? ???????? Android 2.3?   --android-ice-cream-sandwich---android-2-3/   
So, what is behind that giant silver door at the  store? 
 aha :) et qui est ce qui va remonter dans les resultats  ? :p
So THANKFUL for the incredible people  for going above and beyond and offering to and replacing my  water-damaged Macbook Pro!!! Wow!
Bill Gates jumps over chairs during interviews     
Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Google Android 4.0 Live Blog :     
Sending love & light to everyone  & the entire Jobs family.Today we lost a Giant who will be missed even by those who didn't know him.  Help us say Thank You & Cheers! Buy Boston a Round  
  is efffing amazing!!
Android 4.0 SDK now available   
 Galaxy Nexus  , Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich unveiled by    
 being honored tonite  ...A truly great loss to the world.He will so be missed
 :) eso!!!  +
Bien repense l'app photo    avec l'apercu direct
 majeeee yo cuando reuna bastante pisto me voy a comprar los que usa  puuuuuta son tan vergones buscalos en 
Me too RT  : Exciting day, It's Ice cream Sandwich day ;)  
Now it's time for some Ice Cream Sandwich!  launched it's latest Android Galaxy Nexus phone powered by 
Microsoft applies for celebrity search patent    
Presentado Oficialmente Android 4.0 ICS ~ ANDROIDVZLA     
Why can't I check just Notes (without mail) on Lion for  like I do on the iOS devices  ?
 applies for celebrity search  .  -o   .co directs you to...  
Salut les twittos! Un petit resume de cet conf' ? :)  
  .0.1 
Article discussing how the four great tech companies will compete in the marketplace:  ech-wars-2012-amazon-apple-google-facebook     
 well, if it told you what you did to it or how it happened, it would be concrete evidence that  is logging your life. :l
RT   : Twitter Will Beat  + And  With Simplicity-  CEO   Beat? You aren't competitors
On Google+ then go here      
   intro video     
Cool!!   RT:  : Google y Samsung lanzan oficialmente el Galaxy Nexus con Android Ice Cream Sandwich 
Apple shares hit new all-time intraday high:   
  :  on the      
There you go - according to   + is builtin to the OS/Nexus line? Smart move :)
Time to play a game called wait at the  store forever because the tourists are taking forever with their genius appointments.
   I totally agree, was talking w/friends about that yesterday. Siri Everywhere!
  They are... then  happened and snatched Siri so they could be douchebags and say 'it's ours!'
 He can send but not rcve txts so he has an apt  at 4pm.Then he exclaims: And I waited a whole YEAR for this phone!!LMAO
 Read more at 
 you do know that  is not the company. and why u blasting me on  ???
RT  : .RT  : .  fan Eric Holder spotted at the Genius Store 
Interesting read on war b/w  &  -  -using latter, agree lack of innovation, but better specs at same price!
DPR Client:  partnering with  on  365 webinar Tuesday, Nov. 1, at 10 a.m. ET. Sign up! 
Le barometre est inclus dans le Galaxy Nexus  
 we are a going over to  right now, and we are in Maryland (  ). Catch up with us this week sometime 
Right. Migrate from older mbp to imac using ethernet not firewire. Thanks Drew for saving me some $.  
Comparing the  &  apps/interfaces, can anyone imagine how  could have done worse? 
Prise de photo quasi instantannee   
 confirms that the Nexus S will actually get the ice cream sandwich update.
 unhappy again with service/product quality. Won't buy  again.
 still poor central management from Apple then? 
Spend $499 at a Microsoft Store and Get a Free Windows Phone -15H    
   We got the lowdown after the Hong Kong press release, check it out: ?SSScrollPosit ion=228 
 is there a problem with iOS 5 that is preventing audio apps and audio functions from operating properly? I keep losing sound.
I'm nowhere near to be a scientst but thks to Steve Balmer 4 declarng me a scientst. Been using  frm last 3yrs.  
Mmm...  RT  : Introducing Ice Cream Sandwich, the delicious new version of Android:   
Tendremos nueva interfaz de  
 learning all day long-For FREE-SpecTECHular San Antonio. Register?uick. November 10 - 
Exciting day, It's Ice cream Sandwich day ;)  
How an email  ruined my life and then tried to sell it back to me  via     
 's Siri is witchcraft.  What's next  . 2 yr lead lost?
That Huge AOL, Yahoo, And Microsoft Ad-Selling Deal Isn't Done Yet (AOL, MSFT, YHOO)   
RT  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich is Here with a Google Nexus in new Avtar!     
Iphone 4s siri doesn't work for shit 
_gaga,  an  iPod Touch and get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!  
  I get they are busy w/ the new phone, but I just wanted to buy a stylus. they made me wait forever outside & never
 show-off froze my browser. Well, time for sleep I guess.   
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside. Ice Cream phone job. 
sabia yo q  no me hiba a fallar... resumen encontrado... solo falta transcribirlo
What? No "one more thing!" ?   
Had issues with  reaching network today. Too many uses or my signal? 
Cuando 2 grandes se unen,  y  ... Estas cosas son las que pasan... 
Las aplicaciones mas populares para iPhone (via AppleWeblog)   
VIDEO: Een online check-out in een webwinkel in In Real Life    ws/tools/events/workshops/training/hr/media/2011/10/19/video-een-online-check-out-in-een-webwinkel-in-in-real-life/ 
RT vers  >   Voici un tres bon resume de l'annonce du  de  
My next phone samsung galaxy nexus. Ice cream sandwich 4.0.   ?v=-F_ke3 rxopc&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
 Safari Reader owns the worldwide web
Okay its officially a  here  it really makes no sense based on the feedback from  ?? Moving on...
Apple sold FOUR MILLION iPhone 4S's in the first weekend:  (via  )  
Curso de DJ na  em breve, informacoes 30114020 ou 91287199
Great hardware and great new version of Android. I want it now. API is available now at least.    
As tribute to Steve  , i'd consider renaming  to Steve - he'll get your  done!  Forever remembered for his legacy.
   when you upgrade to ios5 there is a section in app store which lets you download anything you have purchased before
Join us Wednesday Nov. 2 for a webinar featuring   deployments with   . Register today at  
Welp. RT   you didn't fall too far from me, huh? RT  Nia Long's mom is gorgeous..
Dear  , how convenient/handy/thoughtful/smart that after iPhone  update you're apps won't work anymore! (none!!!) :(  %\mbl^.%)
  I think they call that profit-making 'genius'
Partner with  . I'd pay $50 for aniBulb. "  : Would you pay $25 for this lightbulb?  "
Possibilite de taguer les personnes  
 is the Best Android-powered company that is going against  .
 Turns Your Body Into A Touchscreen  :  via 
Samsung  Google    Galaxy Nexus    
Do wish  would come up with a native  Mac version of their video editor especially with HD video.  But love everything 
Loving these names. "  Chases  With Ice Cream Sandwich" -  
  Texas Instruments confirms Galaxy Nexus has newer OMAP4460 processor  
Following dear  CEO's logic, 550,000  devices activated each day NEED to belong to computer scientists. I am enlightened!!
  : Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus: (Cross-posted on the Google Mob...  
Evolution of  Ads 1975-2002: -R3    
Samsung, Google Unveil Latest Android OS, Phone - PCWorld 
The folks at  are awesome! So glad I a 
 Dios mio !!!  no tiene  !! RT  : El nuevo  de  :  4.0... 
   iPhone 4S Cases Now Available  - jobs-tribute-iphone-4s-cases-now-available/     
HANBELL SCREW COMPRESSORS MAINTENANCE MANUAL pdf ebook:  
The great tech battle ft    and more  via 
 no but I have the option of a  replacement iPhone 4s ?
116 new  posting for   
Wow. Great deals on refurbed  (first gen) models. RT: Apple offers great deals on refurbished 1st-gen iPads  
Google, Samsung unveil Galaxy Nexus phone running Android 4.0  " via:     
Samsung Galaxy Nexus announced, full specs available        
 thinks your digital books belong on a digital bookcase - a   experiment 
We did an unexpected workshop for the  at  yesterday and we got an awesome amount of info  
I'm amazed at how siri has changed the way I use my phone. I had no idea it would be this good, and it's still in beta. Good job  . Wow
Galaxy Nexus     
Microsoft applies for celebrity search patent    
 ...  replaced my glass  . thank you 
Usagi Yojimbo RPG Core Rules pdf ebook:  
  Google updates Nexus site with Galaxy Nexus details  
Chill lol RT  : RT _Standin : What is imessage??
RT _greenbiz :  's supplier  movement & the effect it could have on  companies 
Good support fm Kevin   store 4 biz customers TY!
Addicted to this new game  on  +,
  roid-4-0-ice-cream-sandwich-detailed-by-google/  Hopefully you check twitter often enough to find this article. :D  
Interesting times when increasing your revenue from $20B to $28B in a recession is considered a disappointment. 
 has been released  4.0 platform 
non conductive  become  .   :   7 @  
got the new  update
Dear  , why did my  ID change to my colleagues' when I charged on her Mac? Now can't download or update apps. 
The Perks of Working at  ,  ,  and More [INFOGRAPHIC]    ... 
Google officially announces Ice Cream Sandwich   
  Putting it in the wash is kind of the equivalent to "Will it blend?" Glad to hear it's still alive.
 Wallet adds  , rewards, and more  partners  
 hits  in court again -  y-15305448 
Windows Phone Mango Update Released to 'Nearly Everyone'   
Echelon Quality Management System pdf ebook:  
  Here is an easy way to put Newsstand in a folder 
too many companies don't have  management-- 60 sec vid-    
 -vs-  iPhone?
_bmw Rohit, thanks for being part of my  + network!
Why book  Genius Bar if after 2.5 hours you still can't be served. Disappointing Apple Store Sydney. 
Welchen Vorteil bietet G+ fur  ? | basic  
 _Mart_Com  no tengo
Microsoft Word - Ch 3 Solutions IE done pdf ebook:  
 y u run out of 64gb iPhone!? Now I have to settle for 32gb. Saved 100$ though(: 
 Ab jetzt Live von der Google und Samsung Pressekonferenz zu Android 4.0 und dem Galaxy Nexus (NewGadgets... 
Just Been To The Future And Back lol... Just Watch Something Happening Tomorrow Morning!  
 store NY
Come to the dark side   : Hey  , if you send me a free iPhone, I will publicly and ceremoniously burn my  .
Deux lignes sont affichees sur la premiere page de GMail pour chaque mail : un apercu en quelque sorte  
 researchers want to turn your hand into a touchscreen 
New iOS 5 update is THE BEST. iloveyou 
Win an  iPod Touch from _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!   "
SpeechTrans  on  App store listed as the  bi-directional  To Speech  --- Posts on Twitter
Who else is on g+ ? Add for add? Let me know.    +
 Sit and Go Center Method For Profitable Sit-N-Gos on PokerStars:  -Co...  
Ya tendremos browser con tabs, y nuestros bookmarks se sincronizaran con Chrome!  
  " "   _lau.html 
 you do have a journ degree correct? RT : Who know how to format an annotated bibliography in APA style?
Hey  why is Siri not available for the Mac?
Alguien dejara de trabajar en  o 
Good summary of planned updates to   services in Q4 -  Online,  ,  ,  . 
Google Offers to compete with Groupon, Living Social - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette  
  Spec sheet:  sung-galaxy-nexus-official-press-release-and-all/   
 Jeux dete 2012 robes du soir 57e empire: Jeux dete 2012 robes Empire robe de soiree, robe d...  
Do not check other site for Ed Hardy Black Long Sl     
I'm not a windows phone fan, but I'm a  UI fan, which, IMO, has been fortunately (or sadly) copied by  into  .
 ...  registered the domain name  , thus beginning their plan for world domination
Dear  please send me my Mac Book back surely the repair is done by now... Thanks!
Beaming a vi...  
Discover  &  Critical Information to be No 1 on  read aspenIbiz  post 
Ik lees steeds meer enthousiasme voor  + en aantal gebruikers groeit spectaculair. Ik merk daar niets van!
AsiaClassifiedToday: SE Asia and Singapore lead Asia Pacific region in business travel - Forimmedi...   
Good summary of planned updates to   services in Q4 -  Online,  ,  ,  . 
Also why can't I login to the iCloud webpage to modify sharing from my phone?
  Download: Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich SDK System Dump  
 confirms  S will get _Cream_Sandwich -- for real this time (  devices, too) 
RT  : .  fan Eric Holder spotted at the Genius Store 
AsiaClassifiedToday: AdAsia 2011: A heavy dose for the creative minds -  : A...    
Zapatero (  ): "Hay que darse prisa en conocer el fenomeno  , acabara en 3 anos" 
New   -> 
 +  have all of the tools to reshape the market. I should probably take a break from all this  talk. 
 vs  who winning
 Boxes Up Two New Xbox 360 Holiday Bundles: With the holiday season just around the 
Para los que tenemos un  , no se preocupen... esta 99% confirmado que tendremos  4.0 en este GRANDIOSO terminal. 
SO Hinweis: kostenlose SEO Videos  
Been MIA from Twitter.. But now Tweeting from my new  iPhone! :)   well, It IS ..I'm not :) 
 segun se un sentimiento 
Mientras que hoy  publico su 'fabuloso'  ,  presento  4.0 y todos se fueron al diablo :D.
 - why do I have to have apps I am updating in their original 'folder' location? That was painful.
While the improvements in  Mac OS 10.7  are great, the full-screen implementation on 2 monitors is broken.
Love  downloads. 4 hours and i-pad now wonky!    
,     gmail for mobile     ?     -    !
Is it me or does  run a little warm sometimes? 
 's Steve Jobs Gets His Day | PCWorld 
Learn how to keep Microsoft  costs low today at 11am Pacific.  Win with  and  Webcast ://www.netapp.com//exchs pwcseries-20110826.html?REF_SOURCE=fieldm2-1a 
if  does not resolve the  network issues they will need to rename a great product to Sorri - Who else is having issues?
Settlement with Multiple Plaintiffs: The Role of Insolvency pdf ebook:  
Whoa! Line at  store in Glendale for iPhone 4S 
Possibilite de mettre des contacts dans les dossiers !  
Really  and  - Removing the 3G/EDGE switch on iOS 5? You do realize that you work on the 3G network in places often, right?
Android Beam: Compartilhamento de aplicativos, links, multimidia e contatos via NFC    
What? Are we not buying enough iPads already  ? Give us a break while we learn to cope with a post Steve Apple -5-gesture- bait-switch-frustrates-original-ipad-owners-14188068/ 
vendo os significadosdos sonhos aki no  pqe meu livro eu emprestei enfiaram no cu pqe ate hj nunca me devolveram =X
Talking  keynotes over lunch with  . Challenged him to check something out ;-)
TechNet Blogs- Technical Overview of  for   and  
 Licensing in Conflict with Secure Boot Support    
Uz vim, jaky bude muj pristi mobil! ?v=-F_ke3 rxopc    
$4.5B   Deal Still Under  Review:  Exec (via  )  
 ,  unveil Ice Cream Sandwich powered Galaxy Nexus..  .0
Why didn't  provide 5GB per device for cloud backup?  Why just 5GB per account?  Silly.
 in Austin:  domain location - umbrellas are nice but being staffed properly would be better.
Google a pas innove avec un tamagochi, ils ont tout compris  
Android Beam makes NFC for more than paying for things   
 iphone 4s arrival on Tuesday!! 
 does away with  -      
  That's really good. Makes you happy to pay the infamous  tax :)
 - The Great Tech War Of 2012:  ,  ,  , and  duking it out -  via 
  Calling all speed demons - Galaxy Nexus!  
 announces  -based  Beam for sharing between phones 
Add me to your circles on  +
RT  Soon. Getting ready for the party.    
..... Um why No black people 
  Today's blog covers the  and  's "Parisian Love" Debating with  for your votes! 
  Please deliver my daughter's i4s, she is driving me nuts 
 Works Suite 2003 Review    
Android Beam: Compartilhamentovia NFC    
_brasil vcs conseguiram fazer funcionar o find my Mac? O meu sempre pede para reportar o erro a  !
RT  Prise de photo quasi instantannee   
Love ios5 Easter eggs. Pull down from middle top to bottom and see what pulls down. Awesome little feature!  
ICS je pro me naprosto zanedbatelny OS pro mobil. Promin ;(   
Microsoft opens the spigot, Windows Phone Mango available to all    
Samsung Galaxy Nexus - el nuevo smartphone oficial Google con Android 4.0 "Ice-Cream Sandwich"   
Il est dispo sur developer.android.com  
Watching  webcast on Joseph  from my iPad on my  TV. I love technology. 
I'm wit chu!!   : Officially boycotting  !!! Calling  to curse them out next for using them wasting my time!
 launching the OmniTouch, how funny I though that was an  solution!  -hom me-machine/actualite-453276-omnitouch-pockettouch-microsoft-research-repousse-limites-tactile.html  via _evenement
 vaya trabaje con  mejor jajajajajajajaj
 Don't question the  they will remember your dissent!
 Wow  Just crushed your dreams....
Android Beam, panorama, Gmail offline, lockscreen, contacts, facial recognition unlock...   
Android Beam : partager du contenu entre devices Android via le NFC  
 releases an Infinite Digital Bookcase RT   by 
You need to ask  her favorite color and the average speed of an unladen swallow. Seems Someone  is a Monty python fan
_gaga,  an  iPod Touch _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!  
Three UK to carry Samsung Galaxy Nexus   
how come when  talks about their  camera app it's boring, but when  does it's ZOMG!!!1
Would love to hear from other small colleges who went  recently. Particularly interested in the learning tech prep. 
Just googled what it means if your eyelid twitches. Answer: your tired. I think its time for bed...thanks 
 is the best invention ever!!
 I want  to integrate Siri with  .
My thoughts on tonight's  Ice Cream Sandwich and  Galaxy Nexus talk: 
Y termina el evento.   
Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus  
I am so done with  and  's profitering and lack of customer service, so fucking down with both!!!
 THE MIXTAPE 
Oh,  . Steve obviously had nothing to do with iPhoto, as it's the perfect opposite of 'insanely great'. Get it fixed, please.
Thanks  my girlfriend likes  more than me now.
 too busy having slappy hissy-fits with Samsung? 
 , your new "Save a Version" function in Pages is absolutely the most awful, interrupting, counter-intuitive piece of crap in the world
 getting sloppy  . U need to check your QA team. Too many issues with apps, data and syncing
No face tagging in the new  gallery? 
Microsoft releases developer preview of "Project Roslyn" compiler   
The Ice Cream Sandwich presentation was very buggy, however 4.0 looks much more promising than expected.   
RT  :  Kickoff tomorrow 10/20 at San Diego  Store at 6:00pm  
RT  :  has just released a case study featuring  and  .   
Proof that my dad loves my sis more. RT  woke up to my dad at my door w my new iphone. he surprised me & went to  !
 got a new backside for my eye phone! V impressed with 
Massive Galaxy Nex Cream Sandwich Recap. -     
The competition:  introduces  4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and the Galaxy Nexus 
The new panorama feature in  Ice Cream Sandwich is pretty cool. Saw a glitch in the live presentation though. 
 I think  didn't do such a thorough job with the step x steps for upgrade and move to iCloud. Now it's cost me mightily.
Maybe not the most efficient way to browse, but fun:  releases an Infinite Digital Bookcase  by 
Waiting patiently for me at the  store.  
Too bad I'm not an  junkie.   
Ballmer: 70% Of The Time,  &  Are The Same, So Try Bing! by  
 y  contraatacan a  con el nuevo Nexus Prime  via   
Por fin Adobe para  , al parecer  se reconcilia en esta nueva gestion.
RT  On Google+ then go here      
Android Ice Cream Sandwich is out!  
Noticed how  has added the like & tweet icons on their page?  /shop_iphone/family/iphone?mco=MTAyNTQzMjI    
 no Siri support for Canada sucks  but loving the new iPhone upgrade from my 3GS 
 Google confirma que todos los dispositivos con gingerbread tendran Ice Cream Sandwich: Y desde ...  
devices
I'm so ready for Ice Cream Sandwich!      ?   
Los fabricantes de moviles y su integracion con las redes sociales: Sony Ericson apunta a  , Apple a  y Samsung a  +
CNET    allows multitouch input on arbitrary, everyday surfaces   
AsiaClassifiedToday: Temasek to raise up to $800 million with bond offer - Straits Times: Tel...    
Nouvelle gestion des onglets sur le navigateur  
So glad that I paid $69 for this  care protection plan.  Been on hold for over 20 minutes now.  Great customer service. 
 update submitted to  ! Thanks for all the support!
Microsoft giving away free Windows Phones with a $499 purchase   _Phone
  Galaxy Nexus  
RT  sells 4 million iPhone 4S in 3 days  via 
I want Siri on my iPhone4 ! 
El nuevo Samsung Galaxy NEXUS, tiene Desbloqueo del telefono por reconocimiento facial!!!! | Impresionante  
 PUTZ, que bela MERDA...   
Quiero migrar  !
[iPad] iPad 1. Generation generaluberholt ab 389   : Der Tablet von Apple bleibt weiterhin recht preisstab... 
 ill be manager after a week! Yeh joint ownership of  ahhhhh
Asked siri is she dreams of electric sleep. Was disappointed that she didn't have a snippy answer.  Missed opportunity 
 : Shit That  Says.  designers knew what people were going to ask the new digital assistant... 
Thanks to  Covent Garden  for replacing my MacBook keyboard/cracked wristpad during my lunch break today, out of warranty.
Samsung Galaxy Nexus launching in US, Europe and Asia this November   
 PLEASE FIX  !!!! She can't connect to your network!!!!!!!
If you sign up for iClould, will you also get iRain?   .
"  , Samsung unveil Ice Cream Sandwich-powered   " - 
 iOS 5 is sweet! Notifications, phone search covers mail now, wifi sync, iCloud backup and integrated Twitter are all well done.
Can someone plz explain to me whhyy  is only distributing 2-3 phones per day to the sprint stores. I'm really ... 
   Ballmer on Bing, Xbox, Apple...oh, and Yahoo, too   
Every time I try the voice control on my iPod Touch to send an iMessage, it starts playing "Who Knew" by Pink.  Still not Flawless 
Do people loved Steve? Check out this photo from  store 
On Google+ then go here      
  press conference ?v=JpLjvr KtOT4&sns=tw  
Oja, ik ben gelijk al mijn apps kwijt bedankt  .
See  , that what's happen when you release iPhone 4S with same crappy design as the old phone!
Not sure if I want one after having 2 duff iPhones.   
.  you got me. I'm now invested. MacBook Pro next year. Time to get on selling more of my  gear
I fancy an Ice Cream Sandwich   . Wonder it will works on my HTC Desire?
Amazes me, I set up a  address and have yet to use it even once and it's getting a ton of spam 
 might reverse its new data encryption policy if big brands threaten to cut their PPC spend.  biting the hand that feeds them
Coole 2-minuten VIDEO: Een online check-out in een webwinkel in In Real Life    ws/tools/events/workshops/training/hr/media/2011/10/19/video-een-online-check-out-in-een-webwinkel-in-in-real-life/ 
?? ! Currently learning Mandarin for my upcoming trip to Hong Kong. I gotta hand it to  iPhones & their uber useful flashcard apps  ??
  Android 4.0 SDK now available  
Check out this great Blog w/ Tips from  - what 2 Consider When Migrating 2  Exchange 2010  
"Hay que darse prisa en conocer el fenomeno web... Acabara en tres ... - El  
 &  Update: [iPad] iPad 1. Generation generaluberholt ab 389   - 
A los interesados pueden seguir la presentacion stream de  y  sobre lo nuevo de 
Android Ice Cream Sandwich adds Face Unlock feature   
   the desktop app is wack though
can't wait for  and  to integrate with Siri.
 lanza  4.0  tambien conocido como Ice Cream Sandwich y Samsung lanza el Galaxy 
MacBook Pros constrained, new models appear in Apples inventory system   ... 
RT  no pasa nada, todo esta bien, no pasa nada, todo esta en orden 
I just noticed that  + has introduced real time search.
These cos are worth billions:  ,   &  and they are battling for consumers  via 
Dear  Contacts, you are terrible. I just cleaned duplicates for 3 hours and they magically reappeared. Fix it.
I know a few others having same issue RT  : 9% now on my second full charge of the day. Pissed 
   The Door To Two   With  
Prenez un Smartphone Galaxy, ajouter y du software a la sauce Google et vous avez un tout beau Galaxy Nexus. 
 ,  ,  and  battle in...The Great Tech War of 2012  by 
Asi o mas mala la  .0 de  ...
Der langsame Tod von SEO??  -Suche  fur eingeloggte User verschlusselt -     
Hey  now I have iOS5 my iPhone doesn't include songs that are on compilation albums under the artist's name. 
Brilhante a apresentacao do Android ICS. O Google simplesmente abusou da tecnologia!!! Sambou na cara das agendas !!!   
How much do  s factories cost? | asymco 
Muito rapida essa velocidade de captura de imagens da camera do Galaxy Nexus    
SpeechTrans  on  App store listed as the  bi-directional  To Speech  - Posts on Twitter
 Kickoff tomorrow 10/20 at San Diego  Store at 6:00pm   or ping me 
Possibilite de ne selectionner qu'une periode et savoir pour chaque app combien de data a ete utilise  
Confira:    
  Ou est parti le 30 % de trafic perdu? 
 Docs  Presentations With Real-Time  , New Themes, Transitions and More [Updates] 
Mooi verhaal over  en hoe zij een geweldig aanbod van  Steve Jobs hebben geweigerd in het verleden. ?v=mHrnCQ ls0Vc&feature=player_embedded# !
With  from  research, you can manipulate 3-D, virtual images with your hands  /2011/10/19/microsoft-research-shows-some-fresh-thinking-on-nui-and-touch-interface.aspx 
Chrome Experiment - WebGL Bookcase - ?v=6GqhJD Pi-Ug&feature=youtube_gdata_player  
 Google Event: Vorstellung des Samsung Galaxy Nexus (Caschys Blog): o3:30 klingelte mein Wecker. Googles ... 
 in perpetual restore loop after trying to upgrade to  :(  sux without steve
GALAXY NEXUS SC-04D | NTT??? 2011-2012?????    
A espera acabou.  , parceria com o  , o novo GalaxyNexus nesta terca-feira (19) em HongKong. O  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich
Hinweis: Linkbuilding Kurs kostenlos  
 If you want to know what customers think dont send updates with the "noreply" return address. Who invented that anyway. 
 Launches Reseller RewardHub for Resllers 
Going in with  one of the  all in with   ! Might want to  him!
Great up close & personal event  tonight in Regent St store!
Lmfao look at the argument I had with Siri !!   
Como es posible que Motorola siga bloqueando los bootloaders de sus telefono. Merecen quebrar, y con ellos  . 
If  doesn't fix iOS5 this week, I'm buying a droid 
i love 
New tools giving the user the ability to restrict mobile data usage.   
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich is Here with a Google Nexus in new Avtar!     
 We support you. Retweet if u support us or want to.
Data Usage: Nada mais de aplicativos para monitorar trafego de Dados    
 Umm, pretty sure I typed  , not you, but okies, why'd you do it, then? *grin*
Siri is cool but more importantly handy and FUNNY.  please configure it for Canada. What's with the racism, EH?
BUILD Windows   PC in US  Store   
     omg no wonder ive used all my downloads!!
 's like my wife - searches things for me and completes my sentences.
It would be great If  would send my new phone. 
 Finally!! All searches for logged in users will be on !  -search-more-secure.html 
 power users 'have gone to  + and  ' - Telegraph  Who are they? 
I'm OVER people bitching about the  ... I think it's the smartest phone I've ever had and I'm very happy.   :)  Way to go  !
 Ice Cream Sandwich, Nexus Prime Launch [LIVE BLOG] 
Loves the new presentations tool for Google Docs - particularly themes and adding video via URL      
Hall Pass had me rolling......  bee's lookin for nookie really
Apparently fuzzball crashes on  . Congratulations  on another incompatible upgrade
How to use Google Alerts to...              
Apple sold 4 million iPhone 4S units on first weekend - Appletell:    
Why doesn't  iCloud sync Stickies? They've always been around, just nothing every progressed w/ them!! Why apple why? 
Developers: Let Microsoft Market Your App for Windows Phone -15W     
Hide the women and children, break out the guns,  is going to encrypt your searches by default! -goog les-switch-to-encrypted-search-97511  
  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich Official, SDK Now Available  
Queridos, ate amanha! Ate mais!      
  Video: Googles Nexus site updated with new device and ICS features  
bored - need a new intriguing  for my  .  Any suggestions?   _Guy
I love  service . My case has cracked 3x and I go in and they hand me a case and I walk out
 buried the ability to manage  subscriptions under App Store Settings. This is inconvenient at best.
 now that were done prasing  's  Everyone go subscribe to notsosuperpro! 
 AirDrop  - Immediate "declined your request." every time
Why are manhole covers round?  
I just paid someone to wait in line at the  store this morning for me on    
 than apologize to  ;)
 : Comparte con otro  lo que ves solo con ponerlo juntos. (Por ahora solo en el  ).  
Tell how Steve Jobs &  changed your life and $5 will be donated to Pancreatic  Research!  _Act 
My friend  found this article on the  battery drain problem  
POLL:  Q:R U pissed  banned this video?    
 haha! tomorrow should be less hectic too! 'cause everyone and their moms was at the  store today! ;]
 Tip:Examine   reports frequently.Check the conversion and bounce rate+analyze traffic sources
I want the new   . Android 4.0 is going to be the fucks
Google Ice Cream Sandwich - sounds yummy!  What do you think?     cream sandwich
I must admit  has made me a very happy camper! I have text tones now! Lol! Ring tone:  Drakes vers! Text tone: Nicki's
Just when  thought he had a unique name for his daughter,  pulls the rug out from under him with the new  App.
 Is  going to release their new  in Norway this year?  
Too bad  didn't have a tribute graphic for  .
  esta wwwaaooooo y con  superior  buena presentacion  
 is my bff rite about now!
I can't c it as an important invention ... Siri is an incomparable alternative!  -- PocketTouch ?v=fHSDpE 0kTag&feature=share   
RT  : Possibilite de sauvegarder pour visionner hors-ligne  
  Cream Sandwich (  4.0): a hands-on #  
Microsoft applies for celebrity search patent   
"Samsung and Google have closely collaborated to push the mobile experience forward. We are pleased to ...   +
i update to ios 5 and lose everything on my phone and it wont let me sign into my itunes account... thanks 
Spoke to an  rep on phone & could hear her tv blaring in the bg.  She said, "I can't actually help u, just direct u back to the web"
Hey  , androids releasing brand new state of the art phones, whens your new phone come out? What's that? (cont) 
Time to go get my iPhone 4s.  Looking forward to sticking it to the man by no longer paying for most texts.  Thanks  .
GAH.  iOS 5 opens text messages painfully slow, on top of 3 restore attempts 2 succeed. Early adopterness gets better of me.
i see the   64-bit installer still tries to install to C:\Program Files (x86)
HNews: Google, Samsung unveil Ice Cream Sandwich-powered Galaxy Nexus   #.net
Damn you  for breaking wififofum! It continued to work in ios 4. Was one of my most used apps. Damn Apple's overbearing policies!
  Official Galaxy Nexus Site Goes Live, Highlights Ice Cream Sandwich And Galaxy Nexus...  
Ever post something to the wrong circles?  +
dear  please invent "FaceTime Voicemails." sincerely, haendel balzora jr. 
Comparing   with   and   , I do not see  leading the crowd. Do you agree ?
Hey  why can't I share a reminder list from my iPhone?
Noarchive is used to restrict search engines from saving a cached copy of the page 
  check out that link sis - some good stuff on   techniques on  - jewels swears by it!
En estooos ultimooos dias Mi  pagina mas visitadaaa en internet es 
 Wat let je om die vraag te stellen bij Blik op de weg, er is vast wel een site waar dat kan 
RememberiN wen  and  were just fruit 
On Google+ then go here      
  Ice Cream Sandwich new features not mentioned during webcast  
Today very cheap for 2198597 Icemaker.And Free shipping for 2198597 Icemaker too.    
 Docs presentations get real-time collaboration, transition effects and more   
Microsoft opens the spigot, Windows Phone Mango available to all   
RT  Today's the Day. ICS <3   
Android 4.0 SDK now available   
Will the   be coming to  ? No mention of price, carriers, or source release for ICS. Give us those info  !
 ,  Add Ice Cream Sandwich Phone  $ AAPL $ GOOG    
 is a POOR substitute for Siri!! Yo  , gimmie Siri!!!!
Is it just me or is  faster for the iPad? 
The 16 strangest things Siri has said so far. I am SOOO glad that  gave Siri a sense of humor!  via 
And here's the run-down on  .0 aka   
Samsung seeks iPhone 4S ban in Japan and Australia
Our trip to SF and Silicon Valley is about to end. Visit  HQ is one of the final stops. 
Android 4.0 SDK now available   
 should make Siri avalible for all devices not exclusive to the iPhone 4S
.RT  : .  fan Eric Holder spotted at the Genius Store 
  Paul had a chat with an advisor explained the problem : cost ?120 repair !!
 and  take advantage of the profound lack of LMS PD with their new offering  Also do not do reporting
 CEO Steve Ballmer on Not Buying Yahoo: Sometimes, Youre Lucky <  >
"  : iOS 5 Already Installed On 1 In 3 Eligible Devices  by  "  
One of the great  has died.   has passed away. Our hearts go out to his family and everyone at 
 Galaxy Nexus es la proxima generacion de dispositivos Nexus co-desarrollado por  y  l 
Apple sells 4 million iPhones in 3 days  keep doing what you are doing, because you are doing it well! -sel ls-4-million-iPhone-rb-4267113924.html?x=0&sec=topStories&pos=8&asset=&ccode= 
 ? Methinks  and maybe  are already prepping lawsuits
Only thing bad about the new  camera is that it has two compact flash cards... not one of SD. SD goes in my  computer. Damn you!
Pogo Pin sur le cote pour le connecter sur un dock  
 :  Now Available to Nearly Everyone -   
Irgendwie dann doch enttauschend, das neue   
Built in panorama in camera app  4.0  
I'm loving this new IOS5 update :) 
   great
ICS plutot bien dans l'ensemble, perso j'aime beaucoup l'interface des contact // epic fail reconnaissance faciale !  
RT  Der langsame Tod von SEO  -Suche  fur eingeloggte User verschlusselt - 
   Proper consolidation, proper syncing, stop losing my PURCHASED items, checkboxes that do what you think they will do.
 Like using  to search for 
 So why is Siri only available on the iPhone 4S ?   - 
Steve Ballmer At Web 2.0:  CEO Disses Android,    
AsiaClassifiedToday: Parkway Novena Hospital to offer premier healthcare service in Asia - The Bor...   
???????  Store 
 Defaults to Encrypted HTTPS  for Logged In Users [  ] 
Ice Cream Sandwich is out!     
Suppose Microsoft Had Bought Siri? - Forbes     
Thank you for the laughs  , "tapping my peepz", white suit, face unlock fail, using an LED screen for a video cast. Love it anyway <3
RT  : Suppose Microsoft Had Bought Siri? - Forbes    
Pinch to zoom sur le calendrier (comme sur Honeycomb)  
 + llega a 40 millones de usuarios aunque su problema sigue siendo la poca permanencia en esta  
  ranked funniest   on the net        
Lies  . the battery on this new iPhone4S is definitely not any better.
 , why is it every time there is iOS software update my iPad goes dead and I need to totally restore? 
 Tip:  can be a friend +an enemy.Use it wisely to block the content u want   
Thanks,  . Now even more people on the bus are talking to inanimate objects. Harder than ever to tell who's crazy and who's hip.
What could a bookcase look like in 10 years...maybe this?   
Does Ice Cream Sandwich have a "private browsing mode" for, you know, "me time?"  
 wants to transform your hand into a touchscreen:  via 
  Oh no! Why not?! I want it to be love-love-love! It's a lot of dough to spend otherwise...
On Google+ then go here      
interface a voir en reel pour juger, sinon ice cream sandwich est simplement monstrueux !!   
A diagramacao das fotos esta bem parecida com a do windows mango    
 y  + no estan hechos para convivir en armonia.. Las notificaciones aparecen del mismo lado.. =/ Es ver esas o las de face..
RT  On Google+ then go here      
 like Manny from degrassi (:  her !
--- RT  No question bro. RT  : Should I get dis iPhone or a EVO 3D?
Correction:  Buy kudos to Chris  Ranch S.A. TX-fixed issues couldn't resolve after 1/2 day w/  &  . Hero of my day!
El nuevo  de  :  con  4.0... 
So yeah...    have changed my life.  .
 Ah! Yeah...should be an option...hopefully  figures that out. Thx
Widgets scrollables comme sur Honeycomb  
 says daily  signups have TRIPLED since the new   came out
will be at the London  Partner Business Briefing tomorrow - see some of you there :)
By 4:30pm: For E-Commerce Times, Erika Morphy seeks experts re:  "Playful Learning": pros/cons for kids: 
Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Android Ice Cream Sandwich unveiled  1/10/google-android-ice-cream-sandwich.html    
you are so blessed. 
  is by far better than 
How the community saw  - 12 Most  "iCelebrates" Steve Jobs -  
did he just say hipster filters?  
Microsoft applies for celebrity search patent   
Empire Avenue. The Social Stock Market. What Is Your Online Activity Worth?     + 
Messagerie vocale directement dans ICS  
 to release new generation of phones in the new year to contend with  ... Hmmm.
 Governor  declares today  in his State. Music video tribute  ve-jobs-day-video/    
Wow the Genius Bar Reservation Line  is ridic right now - ___- I am not amused. 
RT  Samsung, Google Unveil Latest Android OS, Phone - PCWorld      
Andy Rubin de  develo oficialmente el Samsung  , 1er smartphone con  .0 Ice Cream Sandwich  "
Damn it  !! Whatchu done to my phone??
 &  U R really about to make me throw this  in the trash an get an  iPhone!  upload issues!
Ice Cream Sandwitch comes alive today  
 I'm still waiting for you to deliver my phone to 
Open Letter: Steve Ballmer, Please Retire - Forbes - Please retweet!  needs a techie leader.   
I really hate that  won't let you hide the Newsstand app or move it into a folder. It serves no purpose for me.
making the switch from  to      ( Store) 
Iphone: Watch Siri "Work" On the Old iPhone 4 -  - siri-work-on-the-old-iphone-4   allow commands from iPhone 4. Stop playin!
Widgets redimensionnables aussi  
now watching live stream of  new mobile 
Use Caution When Sharing on Social Networks  via     +
Do not check other site for Uhmw Conveyor.Now you go best site of Uhmw Conveyor. -discount.tk    
Finally got my iPhone 4S, thanks  . Stupid  . Learned my lesson.
]   Network Accounts Submit Or Propose ur bids now  via:  
 Minecraft Mobile was just mentioned by  while they were demoing ICS on the Nexus Prime!
ahora si, a ver lo que presento  sobre  ya lo vieron? alguna sorpresa?
Wtf  64 pages for the new terms & conditions when u update ur apps from the iTunes store. Do u really think we'll read em? Really???
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer Looks Ahead at Social, Mobile Plans | Adweek    
AsiaClassifiedToday: TH Peng Joins Grey as Chairman and CEO of Grey Greater China - MarketWat...    
RT  :  underplayed the power of the iPad via  <yup 
We're waiting patiently for Google+ business pages. Anyone else wanting to jump on board?   + 
Check  : $6% of women use  for info on health care vs 28% of men ->  (via  ) 
I wish someone would gift me an unlocked iPhone 4s.  
New post: Touch Everywhere -cE   
 's Success is Also  's Gain as   Balloons 
after being on hold with  for the last 30 mins, i really like their music selection of on-hold music. White Stripes, Ray Lamontagne...
Start your private cloud fast with the new HP VirtualSystem for Microsoft     
  oh putain j'ai vide mon spam il y a peu Le mail de applecert.com est dans ce qu'il reste
 loves  iPhone. My blogpost finally done through iPhone apps.
  still no word on my iPhone4s preorder.  Best Buy blames Sprint, Sprint blames  , I just want an honest answer. 
I just add my profile on the  + WebGL Globe project. Add yours ! #.Tp5Cs55Xa-M. twitter  via 
 no compartira las consultas de busquedas con otros sitios web 
  Samsung Galaxy Nexus official hands-on [Video]  
Check this video out -- moe. plays Live on iPads. Video dedicated in memory of  ?v=WzVhVJ aKexk&feature=share     
  Need Proof of Verizons Galaxy Nexus?  
 does take better quality photos than  iPhone though. I give them that! 
i-nexus Named as One of The Telegraph's Top 1000 - Free PR Site (press release)    
Anschauen! Genial! -AZ08wCwJA   
Por cierto  , me sigue gustando mas MobileMe que iCloud. La sincronizacion de mis ordenadores, la gestion de carpetas... nada que ver.
iPhone 4S First Weekend Sales Top Four Million:  (via  )
iOS 5 for iPhone and iPad is Here: Apple's Best Release Yet?  2982297/posts/4h9WJWq4fWR      
first steps to holographic user interfaces?   
picking up my  in two hours  !
I absolutely love my iPhone 4S. Thank you, Steve and  .
AsiaClassifiedToday: Asian stocks rise on Europe debt plan hopes - Belleville News Democrat: ...    
Dear  Can We Get Some Afro-American Emoticons? -Management
Rocksmith:     
Shoutout to our New Twitter Friends &  ! Thanks to everyone following  -    +
Is it bad if I just want it because its called the  ?  gle-launches-android-ice-cream-sandwich-os/    
 stuck it to  when it unveiled iCloud, showing that the placement of 'i' before the name of even a failed effort yields success
Is   Search a threat to the OTA and     in India? Check-  
Samsung  Google    Galaxy Nexus   
 Forget the phone.. Nice UI. Liking the Scroll Feature   
 I am aye, I wasn't 
Salesperson at   store "it doesn't matter how many people are lined up out front. They're not gonna get one" 
Video of livestream of the Google/Samsung announcement froze. Damn my slow internet connection.  
 releases an Infinite Digital Bookcase  by 
Introducing Android 4.0, Ice Cream SandwichIntroducing Android 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich ?feature= player_embedded&v=JpLjvrKtOT4   
 My wife upgraded her iPhone 4. I think Siri alone is worth the upgrade. Looking forward to  continuing to enhance Siri.
Hugo is buddies with 50 Cent?  
Possibilite de voir les mises a jour (un peu comme Sony Ericsson avec l'integration Facebook)  
Can someone explain to me how the hell iMessage differs from a text message? 
Sdk available now, so you can develop apps for the phone and tablets right now.  .0 
 please bring back the old Siri app for us old school iPhone 3 users!
  need to be careful in  patents issues - it looks a lot like you 'learned' a lot by making their chips!
 hey...do you know why  hasn't added 4G support yet? Seems like an odd omission for such an advanced device.
 To Begin  Searches & Outbound Clicks By Default With SSL Search - 
Suppose Microsoft Had Bought Siri? - Forbes    
Hey,  !  You lied.  4.0 platform is not up as a link yet.  But I found it. -4. 0.html   
BREAKING NEWS: Samsung Filtra Accidentalmente la foto del Galaxy Nexus    
in the theater .. there are are a good 300 ppl here.    
Ice Cream Sandwich: Android 4.0 gepresenteerd -crea m-sandwich-android-gepresenteerd/  via _NL   
This is what I have been waiting for RT  The last big project Steve Jobs was working on was the new cranial insertion device: iMplant.
iPhone 4 S now RESERVATION only, if you want to buy it in an  store tomorrow you have to reserve online after 9pm tonight
this reader button for safari is perfect for fic   
 I am surprised  did not think of/anticipate that......
G Unites  Music with  iOS [  ] 
 RaMoS  jane  _Julielmo new followers..:) na follow back ko na po kayo..:)
Anyone use  +?
Windows 8 on a  ? Can  put a bruise on the  ? - -8-on-a -tablet/   
Loving my new  thanks  for 
With  and  partnership, would be great if SMS from 40404 to iOS devices would use imessage.
  :         - Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich   
che palle sto cacchio di  di merda con un  che funziona di cacca per colpa del sistema di  !  send me an 
dear  , why you gotta go change the way <input type="number"> is handled out of the blue?
Samsung Galaxy Nexus: Android 4.0 Smartphone Unveiled :     
The next pure  phone is the   by  . It's fast and has a nice screen -  gle-and-samsung-launch-samsung-galaxy-nexus/ 
 To Begin Encrypting Searches & Outbound Clicks By Default With SSL Search 
Ho come l'impressione che la recente evoluzione di  abbia creato un ulteriore solco con  + ...la vittoria finale??
Galaxy Nexus annonce  :   
"  :  launching the OmniTouch, how funny I though that was an  solution!  -hom me-machine/actualite-453276-omnitouch-pockettouch-microsoft-research-repousse-limites-tactile.html 
WOW DOGS!!  w/Starr earlier - upstairs in the huge soho store and all of a sudden she sprung to attention... 
  If my non-Apple equipment broke this often, I guess I'd need an Asus genius bar. But it doesn't, so I don't :-)
 devant ICS  
  Presentations  
 (and  ) get ready for the debut of  
 Dawn Evans interviewing  's Tim McBride in SIG's Inside Source exec video series. In a new role in financial operations
RT  Yea, our stores are open 7 days a week RT _Flora Me too? RT _BMONEY iPad ..+ iPhone 4s..= My Christmas gifts to my self.
Creating  charts using   
L'heure est passe tres vite et jme couche avec le sourire moi qui avait pas le moral ^^  
Samsung Galaxy Nexus officieel aangekondigd door  en  !
Lemme just say iOS5 is mad cool BUT it needs A LOT of bug fixes 
Wall to wall people, security and a huge line outside just to get in the  store. 
Have anyone of you found a Twitter to Google+ tool?  
On Google+ then go here      
 Fact! They still do everything better though 
An apple update has seemed to render my work machine incapable of opening HDV video. Thanks  . Zero useful productivity today.
": Raise your hand if you now want an   powered  phone!   "-I do!_Show I would have watched but the folks at  have a jihad against adobe flash. Plse consider a YouTube link in future on UR site
3 new stuffs today,   ,    ,   4.0   ~
 announces NFC-based  Beam for sharing between phones
  Samsung Galaxy Nexus Gallery  
 sorprende de nuevo   
 gonna see if anyone stayed logged into their fb or twitter 
Impulsor de  Sean  resta importancia a la amenaza de  
 Wallet now supported by seven new retailers [video]  gle-wallet-now-supported-by-seven-new-retailers-video/  via 
Engadget following    event    
 How to Play a Teenpatti Tournament: Junglee is fired up to provide you the 1st ever multi-pla...  
_little we'lll figure it out tm in gym 
And my favorite, "is  gay?"  
Sistema de fotos panoramicas na camera do icecream sandwich    
Des boutons virtuels...  
 : Siri is amazing!!! I'm in love!
 , your update server has been timing out for a week. i had to force a restore w/the new  software. lost all my stuff. thanks!
I don't really like Siri's voice. Perhaps  can get Star Wars voices just like   ars/ 
Hopefully only a few weeks until  is on my Nexus S 4G!    
 y  lanzan oficialmente el  con   .  -y-samsung-lanzan-oficialmente-el.html 
Good or Bad results for  ? Depends on who you ask apparently 
 Released Camera Codec Pack For Supporting RAW File 
 's  was revealed. I'm getting an  whenever I get a new phone, but I'm keeping my  for now.
 Ice Cream Sandwich features face-recognition to unlock your phone, no more entering a pin or password  
Microsoft applies for celebrity search patent   
 What is up with  at  ?  Full bars in one building and no service in another only 1000 or so feet away? 
 and  's Ice Cream Sandwich event  !   
 and  'just can't agree' on Realtime Search deal - Computerworld :  
 just invented  taste  . even the  is so  . but it's ok. every oem will have to pay  anyway... LOL.
Mit einfachen Mittel gegen  &  +, so die Strategie von Costolo, CEO von   
Con algunos "hiccups" durante la presetnacion de  4.0 pero todo pinta genial. Muy bien ahi   
Esperaba mas de "IOS 5" 
 Thank you my friend!  Much appreciated and keep up the great work!  I hope you clean house on   here! 
 needs to take down the Steve Jobs tribute and get back to promoting the brand - put the Cloud on the front page and start explaining
At the Genius Bar... Waiting  store
Fregon el nuevo facebook para iPod/iPhone haha alomejor ya tiene rato pero yo lo acabo de actualizar 
Interesting...  now requires you to have a reservation ?    : 
Recap: Google will host G-South Africa in JHB on 3rd and 4th November.  
One word -  . RT  iPhone 4S First Weekend Sales Top Four Million:  (via  )
Posting on  about  + suggesting I add Tom from  I think the universe just exploded. 
     search_from_goo.html 
Hilarious  video - guy does a duet with  's Siri. Pretty much sums up the love affair! ?v=hckrig 2BwNY 
Say no to 1,000 things. What are you saying "no" to? 7 Rules of Success from Steve Jobs of    
Se jodio  con  4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). Bendito seas  !!!
... I think I should work for  ... Probably the best company to work for .. oh and 
 : Google en Twitter komen niet tot een overeenkomst voor realtime-zoekdiensten - ...    
 Android Ice Cream Sandwich OS     
 and  introduce   -and-go ogle-introduce-galaxy-nexus  via  
 Iphone's & Ipad's beautiful technology but alltogether mainly a marketing platform. It's obscure is'nt it? Apple lost it's touch.
  Samsung Galaxy Nexus hands-on roundup  
definitivamente sigo sin entender un carajo de  +
le nfc integre aussi dans    '-'
Terrible customer service at Los Gatos  ! Why do I have to pay $199 for a bad home button on my iPhone?!?
Using  's mobile  Utility 
J'adore !! Enorme   Onglets synchronises avec Google Chrome (comme Honeycomb)   
Microsoft Stores offer up free Windows Phone 7 devices    
Securing  Exchange 2010 with  Certificate -blogs.com/a/viqg3w  
Digital X Worldwide | Today Is Steve Jobs Day In California  
Integration de la reconnaissance vocale  
Desbloquear el telefono con reconocimiento facial vs la habilidad de interactuar con tu voz   
Lmao RT  : He asked Siri where's the hoes at & she told him where the nearest escorts were I love 
You can make photo albums in the Photos app with iOS 5, but can't password protect them? Um...  , fix that. Quickly.
 +  great for small businesses? I think so. The platform has some really beneficial features. Thoughts? -business -website-marketing/7-ways-google-is-already-great-for-small-businesses 
One thing I want from  is searching in the add bar similar to what Firefox or droid phones do. But thnx for a talking Google  ...
Android 4.0 endast for enheter med 720p-skarm?    
 report: half of HD console owners buying      
Thank you, Internet, for allowing me to be Bunny Watson for my friends.   
Well at least the  store has amazing call waiting music! 
Google Earth Helps Locate Salmonella Hotspots  
How  Ventures Chooses Which Startups Get Its $200 Million  gle-ventures-web-2/  via  
New Arrivals and 70 percent off Clearance of Matching G      
 and I'm looking at the outside & all you see is sticky notes about steve jobs
Google Defaults to Encrypted HTTPS Searches for Logged In Users  
 builds a functioning holodesk to interact with digital items  
Galaxy Nexus Vs iPhone 4S: Which smartphone wins? -reviews.net/2011/10/19/gal axy-nexus-vs-iphone-4s-which-smartphone-wins/  via      
Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus  
Viens de tester  sur un 3GS et franchement c'est pas mal du tout ! 
Soy FAN de     
Panorama     
You know you've gone  overboard when you misread a  review as "iPad Thai." 
  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich SDK now Available for Download  
 it's difficult to pass up  + considering the social seo benefits of google+ vs facebook
_Ramos  it =)
 please provide support for a Bangla keyboard in iOS. It would make the life of many Bengali iOS users easier! 
Thanks Android for admitting you're ugly. New font is a good start!  
Big mo: In one week,   hits 20M users; 25M use  5 -13506_3-2 0121323-17/big-mo-in-one-week-apple-icloud-hits-20m-users-25m-use-ios-5/  via 
Bah! Genius BAR // RT  : .  fan Eric Holder spotted at the Genius Store 
Fullscreen uberall nur der  hat keine Option dafur. Warum? 
Once again getting great customer service from the  store at millenia mall.
yeah,  is updated!! planking photos,  
_Abidin xeyirli ugurlu olsun.amma deyen ciddi yenilik yoxdu.   
  sold more because its in more retail duhhhh. Also woz is correct people dont want tech answer just simple child like ones ok!
Need info -   - then check this out - 
I'm thinking seriously to make my own page in  just to find myself in  .
Dear  , I smell a lawsuit coming your way. cc:  
 must b having sum underlying reasoning 4 naming products after eatables     
ipad: "mi aparato favorito de la vida" frase celebre de Azay Carrasco  
True to form, there was a major Android phone announced this morning, only to be trounced by another phone tonight.  Way to go  .
Google steps up its privacy game, launches Good To Know  
  you'll be able to afford that mansion one day.
 : Check out "Big Hit feat. LegiondaChosen1 - I'm On 1 - Freestyle" - _now/song_ 9665937   Me!!
I just told my  4S she was a stupid bitch and her reply was if you insist 
G Unites  Music with  iOS [  ] 
Lecture Notes in Financial Economics pdf ebook:  
  Most of mine are gone too! Not recovered after I saved them b4 I upgraded my iPhone! Soooo pissed!
no kidding   : Also  , don't forget  stop closing the app store after each bloody purchase...
waiting for Jacob   storeee
 So I went to the 5th Ave store and was told I could wait about 4 hours to get a 4S. Needless to say I'm back at the hotel relaxing.
 yeah except that when you ask for a receipt, it takes them 30 minutes to figure out where it printed out. Fix that,  !
_Guiih gato intenda a nat e a metamoforse sorridente. . . . . .ela nao intende ela joga tudo no 
  New UI and Core Features in Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich Overview  
Microsoft releases developer preview of "Project Roslyn" compiler   
Steve Jobs Biopic Coming Soon -    
Online Music Industry is witnessing the astounding revolution. Can  manage to seal the supreme console? 
It Is Indeed  &  vs  !
FINALLY ! Power + Volume = Screenshot. No more rooting required!   
I just sent my grandma a post card using my  thanks 
Microsoft opens the spigot, Windows Phone Mango available to all    
I would also like ice Cream Sandwich on my phone   
Issues with updating iTunes on my windows pc - they really are not compatible.... Sent more time talking to  care than using it!!
 , Steve Ballmer, speaks at Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco:      
Galaxy Nexus: El nuevo telefono de Google y Samsung    
Conoce al nuevo   con  4.0  -   
_Gyllenhaal So you've made up with  ?
  :         - Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich    !
 VC Viu ontem A  Estava dando IPhone 3 No Site dos estados Unidos
    e/google-steps-up-its-privacy-game-launches-good-to-know/746 
Teach Different: iTeach Therefore iAm      
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich ya es oficial       
Using my awsome iPad... I love it. I love my MacBook too and my iPod. It's all amazing! I love 
 kondigt  Ice Cream Sandwich aan  
Infinite digital dusting RT  :  releases an Infinite Digital Bookcase 
Samsung e o Google lancam hoje o Galaxy Nexus e o Android 4.0   
I don't get it. Instead of  dropping the 16GB iPhone 4 down to $99, they release an 8GB one for $99???
The Future of  : Innovators from  ,  &  Nov. 14-18  Info & registration at  
  Thanks!!
Olha aqui  : na proxima atualizacao eu quero um atalho pra ligar/desligar a 3g Ok ? Aff fazem tudo pela metade !!! Steve,da um jeito ai
 to shut stores!!! C'mon, Only Wednesday for  memorial.
Wow. iCloud's mail is down. 1st the iOS 5 upgrade issues and now this. I really hope this isn't  without Steve Jobs.
 can join: BizSpark  or WebsiteSpark  !  
 Haven't had a chance to check out the  overhaul but ebooks are likely a response to  newsstand baked into 
Dancing bear  store Lincoln center 
[iPad] iPad 1. Generation generaluberholt ab 389   
 I asked Siri 'if she swallowed' she relied 'Lets see' - wtf do i do now? wank over my phone?
 Wish I could pick month, day, and YEAR when setting a new calendar item on my iPhone. Why hasn't the new iOS fixed this yet?!
Are you going to  ? Visit  at booth 1411      
why the fuck dose my phone decide its just ganna freeze every time i try to update it so fucking sick of 
Agree ! RT  :  launching the OmniTouch, how funny I though that was an  soluti (cont) ~SyS0e
  bij upgraden naar IOS5 instellingen kwijt en ebooks verloren. het kost me dus geld zo'n upgrade, WAARDELOOS!
Dear iCloud I HATE U , AND I HOPE YOU DIE , YOU ARE THE WORST FUCKING INVENTION IN THE WORLD , FUCK YOUUUUUUUUUUUU   
 that's some tough competition right there      
RT  Steve Yegge's Google Plus Rant - Google's Pathetic Afterthought     
Stay young, stay foolish. But take ownership when u f*ck up, don't complain, and never give up.  
  When we find people standing in the middle of blood-soaked rooms saying, "Siri told me to?" 
Have never had such poor customer service at  before! What happened? ( Store w/ 2 others) 
  Device Frame Generator Updated For Galaxy Nexus - Your Screenshots Just Got Prettier  
Ballmer confirms Nokia phone debut; you can quote him on that -  -  
The one  feature still missing since  first showed it.. Contacts pictures on the contacts list! Simple yet 5 major updates miss
 CEO on  : You Have to Be a   to Use It - huffington post   
> 4 mln iPhones verkocht in eerste weekend:  (via  )
6 positive Learnings aus dem Panda-Update ...    
   I already have an iPhone 4 with an ATT contract. Can I buy a factory UNLOCKED iPhone 4S with my contract?
to reiniciando meu computador. o as ideia 
 Pre-order Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 and get $20 off Xbox Live 12M Card, $10 bounce back co.. 
Resultado de ventas de  4millones de  vendidos
Updating to IOS5 with my regular iphone4 just made it slower and messed up..  give me a free 4S and we can call it even, thanks
Not sure how I feel about the Black Keys playing at the U-Village Microsoft store. Guess they *are* getting paid, that's good. 
That was good but when is it coming out? What carriers? What pricepoints?  
 has finally unveiled the much awaited  OS Ice Cream Sandwich & it sure looks good! 
Play on ma man. Loving the camera in the  . Well done   
Clarence Thomas must have designed the new OSX lion, tossing decades of workflow standards,  bring back save as! 
  - Session by  - all u need to know about the new 2012 version.  Register 
no dijeron si  estara para el galaxy s1 T_T RT  :  ...Pro y Contra del evento de  ?
Is  's voice  really as impressive as the net thinks it is?  
Another Gem from  - Curate your personal history with  "Project Greenwich".  Available later this month. 
Ice Cream Sandwich to stop carriers bullying smartphone users    
Good To Read: Google steps up its privacy game, launches Good To Know (ZDNet - Oct.18)   e/google-steps-up-its-privacy-game-launches-good-to-know/746 
 : If you made a purchase, just wait for the  survey! hate going b/c of the bad 
 Would much rather get outta this having a ( see pic ) and have fun with this " Have your friends choose music" 
Pearson  Google       
 What's the point of iCloud wireless updates when ios5 now forces me to use the computer to charge my ipod touch now? 
Siri's Search Capabilities vs Google Voice Search on Android - Tested    
Surprising !Google's Management Isn't Using  + :  
  Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 (photos) 
 is using    and you? (thx  ) - Our analysis [Spanish] -mi crosoft-security-essentials.html 
 ,  Android 4 reveal: Live Event Blog by   sung-and-googles-ice-cream-sandwich-event-liveblog/ 
The 'Great Tech War':  ,  ,  ,  battle for the future  via 
And thanks to TWIT's AAA crew for the live coverage of the  / Samsung announcement!
Create new folders from within your photo album in  , finally!! Thanks  , that's been a thorn in my side for a while. 
Como funciona  AdWords  via 
msn: dj_sandrocosta.com 
Looking at some of the new features of  it looks like  got some inspiration from  .
Love how  tell u they're not allowed to sell the 4s for $ more than  but yet want $100 more for the 64G
 eBook: The way we shop is changing and marketing strategies are simply not keeping pace.  /
 Tip:Make sure that your important keywords have high keyword density in your pages   
Samsung Galaxy Nexus Official, Launches Worldwide November -     
 revela o Anddroi 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich: O Google revelou hoje durante um evento em 
I want everybody on earth to iMessage me.  Is there anyway the world can iMessage me without giving them my phone number??? 
Is Google planning to launch its own iTunes rival? - The Times of India  
Great Tech War of 2012   profiles     on  /ht 
  event  can any  or  folks help create us a windows azure pass ex. BLAZURE ??
 pratet om en versjon av iPod touch til barn. De ombestemte seg da tittelen n?rmet seg  Kids.
Apple have just announced they sold 4 million phones this weekend. Incredible. That recession continues to bite  
  The Galaxy Nexus' System Apps Have Been Dumped  
  Android 4.0 Platform and Updated SDK Tools  
POLL:  Q:Should  consider making its own hardware for  like  does?    ...
Couldnt help it & explored the   store & talked to  ... Should've tried to speak to her in French?! 
Sweet Ice Cream Sandwich RT  Google Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich officially detailed   
Incredible: 4 million iPhone 4Ss in 3 days. 135% better than the iPhone 4   
Pqp! Icecream Sandwich ta muito foda! Hail    4.0
 announces  -based  Beam for sharing between phones 
4 millions in a weekend, 16  per second. This is madness?! no, this is  !!!
Anyone seen this? If your brand needs to track  keyword landing through to a conversion, well  just capped  
New Galaxy Nexus: App Improvements -  Beam - sharing using NFC     
Newest version of my (and  's) phone (and a new version of Android) announced today.    
Promo Starter Kit da LogosBr = Divulgacao Eficaz e de Graca!
started out as a trip to the  store. turned into a spontaneous fun evening w  . we danced while trying on outfits. 
Nice comparison w  :) RT  : Watch the live stream of Vic Gundotra & Sergey Brin at  
Google To Begin Encrypting Searches & Outbound Clicks By Default With SSL Search -to-begi n-encrypting-searches-outbound-clicks-by-default-97435   
It tells you where to find your next drink. RT  : What the fuck is a Barometer doing in a phone? Eh?   
En  mucho diseno pero llevo media hora esperando a mi clase que poca formalidad
My   keyboard will not type :(
 beautiful, yes. though it simply reminds me of  's spinning wheel of death. clock, reinvented: 
Caracteristicas Samsung Galaxy Prime con Android ICS 4.0 ~ ANDROIDVZLA     
On Google+ then go here      
Awesome service from the  store in pc. Thanks chris!
 researchers want to turn your hand into a   via 
 Google und Samsung stellen das Galaxy Nexus und Android Ice Cream Sandwich offiziell vor (mobiFlip.de): ... 
Packed session on  and  at  . Indicator of today's mindshare?
 had a really interestng experience up in the  store though, Paul was with me up there, faulty  - but out of warranty
   they fixed a bug Thursday after I had done my update? Thus my issue, spent Fri  
Crea   virtual infinito : El sitio WebGL Bookcase despliega el acervo de  ..  culo/654/1306232/?compartir=ebccacb08f9d907c9cbb2f3acd16c721 
Just wonder how much time it will take throw an update of  ICS on Nexus S !!! Please  make it quick this time
Club CALUMO was FUN!  See the vidio CALUMO Blog     via 
  Texas Instruments: Its Not the Number of Cores, Its Sophistication  
iSteps  store bologna 
De la nada mi  se fue a negro y empezo a vibrar, hubo que resetearlo, que onda con  WTFH 
AsiaClassifiedToday Indian shares to start higher; Hero MotoCorp eyed - Reuters: Indian share...    
iPhone 4S vs Canon 5D MKII.    
I just need to exchange a cord at the apple store why do I have to wait for a genius? 
AsiaClassifiedToday FOREX-Euro recovers after Spain but downside eyed - Reuters: Globe and Ma...    
Kurz und knapp das wichtigste:  stellt neues Smartphone und Betriebssystem vor 
 balked at acquisition by  . My apps thank them. :)  pbox-indeed-balked-at-major-acquisition-offer-from-apple/ 
so this SMS full message is known  issue with new iOS5 update. trying restore. When all else  - restore.
RT  :  You were right, an iPhone is a must have.  {WELCOME TO THE  CLUB}
The most important KPIs in   :   
   features -  -android-os-ice-cream-sandwich.html  . 
Reading: Android 4.0 'Ice Cream Sandwich' Features Announced By Google (HuffPost- Oct.18)   roid-4-ice-cream-sandwich-features_n_1018881.html 
Presentancion  4.0 y Samsung Nexus Prime -   . (Se jodio  )
Le clavier semble avoir peu bouge depuis Gingerbread  
Samsung?Android 4.0???Google???????GALAXY Nexus???? - ITmedia  
No, I won't wait until thursday for an available appointment just so a 'genius' can tell me I'm shit out of luck. 
@_alastair w/ respect, the old alternatives were talking to a computer in india or the geek squad.  does a pretty great job.
Another shrewd business model move by   Rooting for the dark horse in the    war? 
RT  :  releases an Infinite Digital Bookcase  by 
Another mention for Apple Store:  - RT  Once again getting great customer service from the  store ...
 La recherche cryptee etendue a tous les utilisateurs connectes a un service Google via  -l a-recherche-cryptee-etendue-a-tous-les-utilisateurs-connectes-a-un-service-google 
Ice Cream Sandwich to stop carriers bullying smartphone users   
BuzZz...: Google Wallet Introduction Video   
 - dette blir for dumt. 
 CEO Looks Ahead at Social and Mobile Plans  
Dear  , as a hoh/deaf user, can you please add options for stronger and longer vibrate for  ? Thank you!   
 800 Renders Revealed       
For all the bookworms out there!   s Infinite Bookcase: An Abstract Browser For Limitless Libraries 
 weiterhin auf der Erfolgsspur 
Fantastic work from  and  on the  superphone and the new   . Very impressive.
 the iPhone 4s is great 
Iphone update is great but seriously  let me delete stuff I dont want like gamecenter. Steve wont mind...
Should you upgrade to  Office 2010.   
 Why you won't use your  account.
How  Ventures Chooses Which  Get Its $200 Million  gle-ventures-web-2/  via  
 op iPad 2 geinstalleerd. Tijdrovend en bepaald niet probleemloos.  gaat meer en meer de  kant op. ;-(
   Why are you asking us? Apple don't read messages on Twitter... and Apple aren't  either
 Well then!
Dear  : Integrated tweeting in ios5 RAWKS. Plz consider adding   like  app. Thx! 
iPads Replace Bound Playbooks on Some N.F.L. Teams   
 confirms  S will get _Cream_Sandwich -- for real this time (  devices, too) 
Smart as hell. The Great Tech War Of 2012 (  /  )  Fab Four:    
Yeni Galaxy Nexus -   
 anuncia melhorias ao  do seu Docs 
Waiting on line  store at west 14th Street.
 needs to give me a contract deal i get them new customers all the time  ?
Le Galaxy Nexus officialise     -  via   
Easiest way to use Evernote with iPhone 4S Siri. Just tell Siri to Email Evernote and say your note.    
We could have told you this two years ago!    
So  's iPhone 4 is giving her a hella hard time w/ the iOS5 update 
Hey  , could you hook the voice memos app on the iPhone up with fine scrubbing? Journalists need love too.
  RT  : Steve Jobs and the Seven Rules of Success 
Attending  , listening to James Kelley from  .
Instant photo sharing and the people app are what's best in Ice Cream Sandwich, IMO.  
 set up was flawless and works like a champ! To the Cloud 
 so why is the ios support for 2nd gen ipods discontinued? It is only 3 years old? Give us an ios update please!
Thank you  . My new gf(iphone4s) is great!  She does everything!
Watching this week's episode of Hawaii Five-O. Great use of Windows Phone 7 & SkyDrive. Oh yeah a Dell Inspiron Duo was there too 
 can't send me an iPhone preordered 1hr after launching but they cans send 5 or 10 to all the jackasses who want to shoot or blend 'em
  :         - Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich   !?
 CEO points to  as 'corporate mentor' as  signups triple 
Seemingly endless loop of calls to  ,  ,  to investigate my missing  . 
 u guys are gay
so. ja. Ich will das galaxy nexus. sofort!  
Parabens,  . Voces humilharam o  !  4.0
Interesting bookcase..RT  :  releases an Infinite Digital Bookcase  by 
More Twitter buzz for Apple Store:  - RT _lee started out as a trip to the  store. turned into a spontaneou...
 confirms  S will get Ice Cream Sandwich -- for real this time (   
Microsoft wants to transform your hand into a touchscreen:    
 ICS is looking pretty good. Not quite sure if its worth the 4.0 numbering leap. 
.  thanks for fixing this... 
 Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus 
  reports:   4S sold over $4 million over the weekend!   -4s-sells-4-million-in-one-weekend 
Online Music Industry is witnessing the astounding revolution. Can  manage to seal the supreme console? 
Ballmer: 70% Of The Time,  &  Are The Same, So Try Bing!: 
 went way and beyond what I expected. Can't wait to get it on my Nexus to play with! 
ICS looks awesome, please let me have it on my phone!   
 Scrapple. (:
Ice Cream Sandwich u r really delicious Can ditch iPhone for u that's for sure.  launches  aka  :)
  Samsung Galaxy Nexus launching in US, Europe and Asia this November  
Dear   If I make love to iCloud will ALL THE THINGS have my babies?
As far as I can tell, Google engineer Steve Yegge never intended to become famous for criticizing the c...   +
Reporting in  Dynamics  
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich announcement round-up   
 delivers developer preview of Roslyn compiler as a service 
wait.... since when does putting honeycomb and gingerbread together make ice cream sandwich?  ...
 -repost: RT  Are you making the move from  to  ? >>  can migrate y... 
SpeechTrans  on  App store listed as the  bi-directional  To Speech  ---- Posts on Twitter
RT    , iphones r 2 expensive. Most went w/ htc/galaxy. No customer loyalty w/phone comp..
 yea I've seen my  waaaay off on  sites. Not a big deal but still strange. 
Panoramique implemente :o    <3 j'ai envie du tel mnt
   AppStore is well done, so is iTunes on the mobile devices.  I was talking about desktop app.
 why my tunes no go on my iPhone? iPhone lonely without them. silly 
Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus: (Cross-posted on the Official Google blog)Bea...   
Article Recap on the  Analytics "Secure" Change: Here are some articles we found after 
Microsoft giving away free Windows Phones with a $499 purchase   _Phone
Smh at  for trying to cut in line for a 4S. Cmon mayne if  's cofounder stood in line then you are too.
   iphone4s. Siri is not Watson 
Been off twitter for a few days as I smashed my iPhone but  were very nice and gave me a new one :)
Hugo Barra sur scene  
$6% of women use  for info on health care vs 28% of men ->  (via  )  
Ballmer also said that the company has a "variety of different ways" to respond to Hangouts, the group ...   +
Calling all speed demons - Galaxy Nexus!   
  would disagree with you right now.
 on   can allow unauthorized access to texts and emails, even when the phone is locked!! 
  Debuts as IPhone Sets Record: Tech. 
i like big glutus & i cannot lie 
 hanging  in tacoma listening to the beatles!
  Ice Cream Sandwich Feature Closer Look - Resizable Widgets, Folders, Multitasking, And...  
[GReader Share] Five Reasons Why Google is Winning the War in Photosharing  -    +
Ok, so it was a lion and not a leopard. Too much upgrading this weekend. 
Boy, could  make it any harder to put my purchased music from the cloud on to my new macbook pro? "You must authorize this computer"
My last day of   training: 10175A/Microsoft SharePoint 2010, Application Development -  /Course.aspx?ID=10175A 
 the reservation system not working, shows no products avail let alone iphone 4s I had the site open in 3 browsers at 9 PM and nothing
Nouvelle app Calendrier : plus epuree  
I have been watching Captain American movie I will give you what I think of  Ice Cream Sandwich going to watch it now
 ,   Suburbs with 2 words drops Map Pins in other States! Please fix.
 - Many-To-Many Control for  
Contra todo pronostico  podria ser el fabricante del  para  
Virage Success Story - Harvard Business School pdf ebook:  
iCloud Control Panel for Windows:          
_gaga  an  iPod Touch _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!  
Logitech Revue Companion Box with Google TV and Keyboard Controller by    via  
HTC on ICS: 'reviewing its features and functionality to determine our upgrade plans'   
Thank you  for making my iPad 2 feel like new again with your new iOS 5!
 Siri is down!
Asked  "Where's Baby Lisa?" and was told "sorry, I'm having trouble connecting to the network right now."  server fail. 
Dear  , yesterday you sucked. Today you're awesome! Thanks LP Apple store, crash and burn mich ave store.
Spell check needed when saving documents - fingers crossed Steve Jobs left that nugget of technology behind on the  to do list. :)
I sure as hell better be able to restore my calendar events. Terrible bug apple!   
Saw that  is covered with msgs 4 steve jobs. Nice to kno ppl r still saying 
TIPP: Kostenlose Google +1 und FB-Likes - Free Google +1 and FB-Likes -    +1  
Like to get my hands on an ice cream sandwich  
Still a line  store Hillsdale mall  
 Duly noted -- I hope AOSP is updated with ICS 4.0.  
 is nice and as it had to be ! Thanks 
Why not send a Google card this Christmas?  scards    
Congrats to  's Monica Diaz for being part of  100 Most Influential Hispanics! 
 ..IBM Connections light years ahead of other vendors in     +
 No se que aria sin ti :$
 Cards app notifies me the card I sent has arrived at local post office and should be delivered today... Sunday. Truly is  .
Installing the Ice Cream Sandwich SDK  
Day305, I'm thankful for the great customer service received today from  via phone CS, new phone on the way 
 you're killing me. Excited about iOS5 no longer- tragic battery drain, genius bar wants to replace the battery. Really?
I wish the Apple updater would stop trying to ram iTunes down my throat. I don't own a pissing iPhone 
  wished their on hold music played "Pictures of You".
 underplayed the power of the iPad via  <yup 
What do we have to do to get Flash on  ?  please please please change your mind. Thank you in advance! _sk 
 Or  Buying Out  ?
  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich  All New Core Applications Overview  
Check this video out -- Introducing Galaxy Nexus. Simple, beautiful, beyond smart ?v=JpLjvr KtOT4&feature=share  ??    
Can someone explain to me how the hell iMessage differs from a text message?  
Jetzt gerade angeschaut und +1t       /
   hands-on (video)     
 + (: lovin it
 ...Pro y Contra del evento de  ?
 me if u dnt understand me O???.?O????
 en todas las  ahora tambien en  + 
Big Money...              
Embed Google Calendar To Your Wordpress Post:   
Bill Gates to testify in Novel v.  antitrust laws t 
Going to the  store today to get this laptop situation figured out
 : "  ainda te ama apesar de tudo IUEHAIUAHEIUHAEIUH =P" correcao: ainda te AMO...
Gentle Ballmer meekly suggests the competition is doomed -  is winning, winning, winning!:  e-ballmer-meekly-suggests-the-competition-is-doomed#.Tp9Smma9khw.twitter  via 
 you can suck it you and your fucking iPhones better be glad it's all I like cause the service Is fucking terrible
 thank you for sucking so much. I cannot believe you would sell something online that isn't made
But does request desktop site work with hulu?!?!?  
  gm on ipad1 is very slow wash better on beta7/8 solve this problem, or give me the ipad2
iTunesStoreSupport.com
any chance  will release good headphones that dont blast music outside the ears?   its quite obnoxious
Microsoft turns your body into a touchscreen  
 Man, that sux!  io5 upgrade a total  for you!
OH: Sales guy  : "I'm not selling or using any  products during my mourning period over Job's passing." hmmm..
 an  iPod Touch from _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!  
Yeah, there's no  twitter account.
 unveils next iteration of  -  - with several revamps incl facial recognition security 
  , iphones r 2 expensive. Most went w/ htc/galaxy. No customer loyalty w/phone comp..
 can you look at problem on iPad where it won't open . It just crashes the app. You too  maybe your fault.
 I lost a lot that I paid for   etc!  oh well, poop happens
 mine is past the warranty and I don't have AppleCare.  
Mad props to the  employee that didn't charge me to replace the back plate on my iPhone! Made my day!
engineers  Manny Marroquin 
 -Handy:  -4S-Besitzer schimpfen uber Netzprobleme - 
 out of respect, I really do think  the Apple logo should be revised to the one you have no doubt seen   
 why no Macbook mirroring onto AppleTV via  ?
 thank you for ruining my 3GS with  . You've just turned my phone into an utterly useless pile of shit.
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich announcement round-up    
Ice Cream Sandwich arrives     
 pls launch  on iphone4 .. Disappointed after spending hours for upgrading to iOS5..
Das neue    haut mich nicht so sehr vom Hocker. Ist meiner Meinung nach nur ein wenig besser als das  .
Buy more products of Hemp Jewelry Instructions now.Free ship  -j ewelry-instructions.hemps-discount.tk   
Cenaze nedeniyle kapal?y?z'  
Ha! The demo fail is still resonating.. Kinda funny, but on a global scale. Cool feature, though!   
     engaged w >40 customers  ECM Summit at the  Tech Center Irvine
Google details Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, offers SDK   
Google releases 50 new features for presentations in Google Docs: Google is rolling out a s...   + 
   That's why all the ppl who stand in line for hrs to get the "newest" model are suckers...
AsiaClassifiedToday: Point Park summit reflects Asian culture - The Globe: Point Park summit ...    
ugh!  , youre reservation page for the iPhone is NOT working.
DAMN!!!     ?v=JpLjvr KtOT4  time for me to upgrade my Nexus S xD
AsiaClassifiedToday: Parkson to list retail arm in S$200 mln Singapore IPO-source - Reuters: Parks...   
Motorola Droid Razr vs. Samsung Galaxy Nexus (chart) - CNET (blog)    
  presentations get real-time collaboration, transition effects and more: Google 
WOW that  video hit  !! I'm done haha.....
_LR  "Google to launch iTunes AND Spotify rival?   need to start using  +
Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus  
 Buzz to the junkyard along with four other services including Jaiku  > liked Jaiku
SpeechTrans  on  App store listed as the  bi-directional  To Speech  -- Posts on Twitter
 Glad to hear! Hey  thank you for the   video participation  :)  
Andy Rubin de  develo oficialmente el Samsung  , el 1er smartphone con  .0 Ice Cream Sandwich 
Mmmm Ice Cream Sandwich  
RT  Nouvelle application Contacts : les connections Linkedin, Twitter.. sont enfin integrees !  
Hi  . Household has 4 iphones, 2 ipads, 2 minis, 2 apple tv, AirPorts, Timecapsule +. Whats a usable iPhoto sharing setup? /cc 
  Nexus S Getting Ice Cream Sandwich, OS Theoretically Should Work on Any Android...  
Steve  says it's hard for him to get excited about  phones...even though  makes loads of money off of their sales.
   Better file info/easier to get to, duplication of files when importing. Categorizing files.
Microsoft opens the spigot, Windows Phone Mango available to all   
Samsung Galaxy Nexus - the new official Google smartphone with Android 4.0 "Ice-Cream Sandwich"   
 has made search more  , this change  your search queries and Google's result pages.  Read more: 
yeah!  RT           
Cinco herramientas de  que todo periodista debe conocer.  
New -680   are available   
 Indeed I survived   and a couple of vendor evenings :-)  I spared  my great voice :-) 
solo  puede ponerle a un OS 
If you need to modify your payment details that are on your phone for the Android Market, go here:  
Undecided how i feel about new   idea, but could be cool minus the whole celebrity impersonation 
1st impressions  of  - Disappointed w upgrade restore. Lot of apps & folders missing  do  how much time went in2 orging it? 
 et  une communaute a votre service !
  : dear  , why you gotta go change the way <input type="number"> is handled out of the blue?
 Give Siri back!
 y su distorsion de la #     
  how's that pear coming? oops i mmeant apple!
 Heb je gisteren Tros Radar gezien over Apple. Garantie werd niet nagekomen door  en devices zeer snel kapot.
Head to our FB page for a link to the  Community Support Page detailing how to turn off  auto renewal. -Ave rage-Guys-Think/262831743737856 
RT  : iPhone 4S vs Canon 5D Mark II - A side-by-side comparison of 1080p HD video:  <<  Wow!!
Like  da fuck is this shit? 
In honor of Steve Jobs.   
 ,  unveil Ice Cream Sandwich-powered Galaxy Nexus  via  
 drops developer preview of its Roslyn compiler 
Se tan arruinando mis audifonos d mi   quien me quiere regalar unos? 
AsiaClassifiedToday Thailand - Market factors to watch - Oct 19 - Reuters: Thailand - Market ...    
The takeaway from the  earnings call?  Even Apple needs a new iPhone release every 12 months to stay competitive. cc: 
querida  , ate quando o steve vai ficar na sua pagina inicial?
 ,  ,  ... como sobrevivir a la transicion de las cuentas de  
Deep Linking Plugin - Black...              
  Cream Sandwich (  4.0): a _on    via 
_immad  , always thinking ahead
AsiaClassifiedToday Asia Family Offices to Triple, Lead Growth, Citigroup Says - BusinessWeek...    
  Cream Sandwich (  4.0): a _on   
iPhone 4S First Weekend Sales Top Four Million:  via  themselves. Big sales for the new phone.
On Google+ then go here      
Et de 3  , mais au moins c'est du vrai direct  
 presenta  Beam una nueva forma de compartir por NFC 
 Video:Specifying an image's license using RDFa.     
Just searching with my voice on my 2 year old nexus one  .
yes, i am live tweeting my  tech support call. Isn't this fun?
What's wrong with Siri today 
 vs.  + : Which  Platform is the Best for You? |  
on hold for another half hour. phone is ringing but no one is picking up.  you stink.
 ,  , you do realise you're just really pissing off the customer base AS WELL AS looking petty.
La prise de captures d'ecran est officialisee !!!!!!  
RT   has arrived!  
Voici un tres bon resume de l'annonce du  de  
Gee, I can't imagine that the maps app graphic from this Samsung website will help their court cases vs.  : 
 Ice Cream Sandwich, Nexus Prime Launch [LIVE BLOG]   
RT  :  ,  unveil Ice Cream Sandwich-powered Galaxy Nexus  via  
One would think the voice recognition on the  tech support line would work a little better.
dammit, listening to siri is making me want to upgrade. well played  .
 es presentado oficialmente.  | Conoce los detalles del nuevo telefono de 
Frustrated that I bought a new macbook pro from  only to find it doesnt ship with media! 
Hey  , je sais que tu es encore un peu remue, mais tu pourrais ajouter le verbe avoir a ton dictionnaire ?
The ARM Cortex-A9 Processors pdf ebook:  
  Ice Cream Sandwich Feature Closer Look - Redesigned Lock Screen And Virtual Button Bar  
hey  do you wanna fix my fucking playlist order, you piece of shit
On Google+ then go here      
 freaks is Siri available for Iphone 4 yet?
Cool  / Steve Jobs infographic -jobs-tim eline   - timeline history
 When you perform texas hold em, do you have to use the 2 cards you are dealt? go through on?:...  
Find more the best Angel Christmas Tree O  -christmas-tre e-ornaments.christmastree-discount.tk   
Hello again, iPhone 4!!! Thank you,  ! Although this should have never broken in the first place! 
 announces  -based  Beam for sharing between phones   
Like traditional VC firms, Google Ventures makes its investment decisions solely ...    
Partage d'apps en NFC  
  4.0 out ;-) Available with  nexus!
Ballmer On Not Buying Yahoo:  lmer-on-not-buying-yahoo-sometimes-youre-lucky/         
If the iPhone 4 case fits the 4S why is   buying a new one?
Apple vende 4 millones de iPhone 4S en tres dias    
Kind of excited. On my way to my last class right now and then going to the  store, so buy  Snow Leopard and Lion :-)
_M_Poireau Mais moi je voudrais pas que  donne mon fichier  . Marre d'etre spammee par les journaux desesperes.
Parece que Google Labs se acaba :( m.fastcompany.com/technology/57403/  
Un abrazo a tod desde el  Store en  . Es un honor sumarse a la gente que honra la memora y el  de  .
 - you have invented a product that actually gets my brother to call my parents when he gets where he's going. Amazing.  
   when r u going to provide the ability to password protect iPad email???
The new iOS5 completely failed at upgrading the phone. Now I'm stuck in this restore loop. Thanks  for wasting my day. Can i undo?
On Google+ then go here      
 shows 'touch screen' for any surface 
Why doesn't the Genius have songs for Watch the Throne yet? HUH?  ?????
Find more the best Cyst On Knee deal.Check price of best Cyst On Knee and offers now. -on-knee.cysts-discount.tk  
Life was much easier when  and  were just fruits!
Nouvelle police (font) pour android : Roboto   
RT  Purdie Rogers tribute to  and  . We spray painted the Macintosh Plus w.. 
Pas mieux \o/ RT  :  devant ICS  
A Great iPhone 4S Review    
Para el que le interese saber las caracteristicas del nuevo cel que me comprare  El  de 
  talent source program boasts a procure-to-pay model to manage temp workforce, concept works for VMS 
I wonder if  OSX will get built-in   like iOS5. That would be very helpful at the moment.
US-Steuerbehorde leitet Untersuchung gegen  ein  us-steuerbehoerde-leitet-untersuchung-gegen-google-ein.htm  via _de
Today very cheap for Hemp For Fuel.And Free shipping for Hemp For Fuel too. -for-fuel.hemps-discount.tk   
 to begin defaulting logged-in  to   : According to a blog post by 
Googles Ad revenue for Q3 was 96% of total revenue. So, are  customers the commodity being sold to advertisers?
Just realized Apple doesn't even have  on lock. This dude R.J. Pittman waiting for thee fattest check.
Said to have laid out the next 4 years  .Jobs last iPhone is 2012 not the iPhone4S. iPhone(4G/5) 2012 is magical!  /17/apples_2012_iphone_was_last_project_where_steve_jobs_was_intimately_involved.html 
AsiaClassifiedToday Asia Currencies Strengthen as Growth Outlook Outweighs Europe-Debt Concer...    
 4.0 Ice Cream: Introducing Galaxy Nexus. Simple, beautiful, beyond smart ?v=-F_ke3 rxopc  
  stock DOWN despite  monumental SALES =   &  --i smell a  !
On Google+ then go here      
 si, vi el evento, pero si hay algo en lo que  es bueno es en reportes .... analytics es genial
Bummer!  My  ! iPad fantasy football app keeps crashing; not sure if it's the app or the new  iOS 5. Only two apps running.
Microsoft opens the spigot, Windows Phone Mango available to all   
 s new great to be a family  begin to air, including   and  .  
Just seen a taste of  's ice cream sandwich, now I want a bite
Listening to Doug Leland  big data guru. Social media impact huge not just data wise, but within tools to manage data 
 Excel Tips: How To Alternate the Color Between Rows  
Google Adsense Tools  gle-adsense-tools/    
Finalmente llego el Galaxy Nexus:  y  acaban de hacer el tan esperado  
 wants to ban  iPhone 4S in Japan and Australia.  
  Android Beam makes NFC for more than paying for things  
RT _inc : Search Governance in  2010  
@.brown45235: vibro  bromasseursaprix/       ... 
A brick n mortar  store? Coming soon to London, US next? Copying  business model?  .ssf/2011/10/google_could_be_coming_to_a_ma.html 
Me acabo de convertir en un  de  . El ipad2 con el cristal roto y me lo cambian aunque no lo cubre la garantia. Increible!
It's a good thing  has not came out with an iCar because I would be in line for one and im sure it would be expensive
Search Governance in  2010  
Ok Hindi keyboard in  is something to cheer about.  But  what about  support for 20+ missing Indian languages!? 
New Galaxy Nexus: Hardware Improvements -  Camera captures 1080p video     
 we don't go site seeing for  igloos in Alaska don  your better off checking 
Ugh. WTF is up with all the bottlenecks   ?
Google is rolling out a suite of new changes to its Google Docs service, including 50 new features for ...   +
iScream u scream v all scream   . A job well done by  and a major game changer in the   space
 unveils Ice Cream Sandwich, SDK is available now 
How to install Windows 7  What to do before start [Part 2]:  -to-install-windows-7-what-to-do-before-start-part-2/#.Tp8ZRnzQ6J8.twitter  via      
We're one of a few "Featured Education Apps" on the  **Website** today, sweet! -th e-app-store/education.html 
When you want something done right, you do it yourself... or go to  . AT&T you're useless these days.  ???
This!!!!!! RT _15 ..... Um why No black people 
Oops! Apparently  is some handle-squatter. Tweetbarassment.
I wish there was   for  .
Doesn't  Research's new touch technology resemble a lot the one developed by Pranav Mistry in ~2009? 
Is Google Analytics Reverse-Engineering Facebook?:     
  Nexus Site Updated With ICS and Galaxy Nexus, Register to be Notified  
ninguem desliga o 3g do celular -.-   : Olha aqui  : na proxima atualizacao eu quero um atalho pra ligar/desligar a 3g Ok ...
 &  unveil latest   using  
 WebGL Bookcase: Google WebGL Bookcase. Google developed a WebGL app that shows a 3D model of a bookcase ... 
You know what would be awesome? If  sold  iPads on easy pay. 
  Ice Cream Sandwich SDK now available  
 I was referring to  &  . It looks amazing. What imo android was missing. I ... 
GMusic une Google Music con Apple iOS [Apps]    
Wow I am loving this new  update for my touch.  Well done
It's not Google vs Apple. It is Apple & Google vs the old way - GigaOm  
Today very cheap for Patio Furniture San Anton    
Love love love iOS 5!! 
Ca fait des gato : Android Ice Cream Sandwich enfin devoile !   _Nexus 
 Stores to close for one hour on October 19 to watch    le-stores-to-close-for-one-hour-on-october-19-to-watch-steve-jobs-memorial/  via   
Phone app redesigned to be unified with google voice, etc. Has fast forward and rewind capabilities as well.   
.. downloading CTP3 of   to play around ...
 mejora las presentaciones de  
New  4  enhances development, deployment & mgmnt of IT 
RT  Android Beam : partager du contenu entre devices Android via le NFC  
Sorry   and  just made you look bad.  is king
_it  Bellissimo video. Sono sempre piu convinto di prendere un  iPhone e gettare via il  N97 che mi ritrovo.
 S tim da  daje Server Error :)  
Man! I've fallen in love with Galaxy Nexus!    
 Google bestatigt Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich fur das Nexus S (mobiFlip.de): Nachdem Google und Samsun... 
  Galaxy Nexus Site is Live: Register and Relive the New Features  
Novedades  : resultados en ingles traducidos y SSL por defecto para los usuarios registrados  golpe a 
 How to Play Texas Holdem Poker for Newbies : Texas Holdem Poker: The River: Discover poker t...  
  So in iTunes I go Store -> Authorise why doesn't it just auto-authorise it when I sign into iTunes? Grrrr...
  esta tratando de abarcar el mercado imitando a android y en ciertas cosas a  pero sinceramente no creo que llegue :)
 is profiting a min of $400 per 4s.  They sold 4 million this weekend. That's another 1.6 Billion to Apples coffers!  ?
The Perks of Working at  ,  ,  and More [INFOGRAPHIC]    
Dear  , I want the Galaxy Nexus NOW. Please send it to me by email or something - I know you have the technology
 memorial at the Leawood  store. 
1080p video recording, continuous focus, zoom while recording and time lapse included in Android 4.0.   
Smashed yet another  screen. When are  gonna make the phone more durable!!! Tired of fixing it myself!!!
well.....  's  and new accompanying phone are, as usual, neat, but nothing ground-breaking
Seriously - I have absolutely no offing clue what  means by "authorization", nor how to do it.
Samsung and  Announce Galaxy Nexus and  4.0Ice Cream Sandwich   
 ,  on iPhone2 causes Camera apperature dilation problems & freeze.
Sucks that I just threw down $3 for a panorama app when  will have it as standard. Oh  , you pleasant bastards, you!
 Google anuncia Galaxy Nexus com Android 4.0  
So  changed the look of their on/off toggle. I wonder how long it will take for all the hip web apps to follow...
Microsoft CEO Looks Ahead at Social and Mobile Plans    
Google Reveals the Details of Android OS 4.0, Samsung Galaxy Nexus ?ne wsID=18291&news=Google+Android+OS+4.0+Ice+Cream+Sandwich    
Android beam, share any piece of information.from.one Android device to another by simply touching the devices.  .0 
To gostando do Android 4.0  
Apple Users Get The official Kalifornia Cavi App on your Apple Device now on  - powered by  - Download it free 
Newt Gingrich:      
If  earnings disappoint, blame consumer PC sales -  via 
Handling Multi-touch and Mouse Input in All Browsers   
Microsoft's CEO, Steve Ballmer critics the user friendliness of Android.     
 has changed life.
Been on hold with  customer service for 25 minutes. Wow, lt's like they're  .
What's up with  stock going up after  death?  
Discount Hemp Knots today.Cheap price too.Save money for best Hemp Knots. -knots.hemps-discount.tk   
I hope  will release an app for Siri for us non-apple 4s users.   
Would you look at that..  does  style welcomes as well.   
How to Create your own Google Maps  e-google-maps/20231/n   
Nexus Prime rumored to be released on Nov. 3    _Cream_Sandwich  _Prime
20% searches on  are related to location. 33% mobile search queries have local intent.
En train de suivre la keynote Google - Ice Cream Sandwich..  
 iTunes is the worst program ever. For such a great phone, you make some awful software.
Amazing story of  and  
SDK dispo aujourd'hui  
 line at  northpark  mall. 
 : Multiple times siri is "having trouble connecting to the network."  Siri needs servers (and some exercise!)
 , why do you have such a beef with  ? 
AsiaClassifiedToday: Asia Family Offices to Triple, Lead Growth, Citigroup Says - BusinessWeek: As...   
Para todos los androides, he aqui la nueva bestia de  ! El  
"Request desktop site" : fonction tres sympa  
Google shows off new Ice Cream Sandwich features    
 , on the  with  , why has the Messages Icon been included when it can't be used?
 CEO  on  , Privacy, Free Speech and  ; Far From IPO 
I just add my profile on the  + WebGL Globe project. Add yours ! #.Tp5LeLvvZZc. twitter  via 
 remember  is evil.  entering the  market
good article about why  fucked it all up with lion and their future. -me taphors-breaking-the-future/  
 shows  still has the taste for smartphone success   
gulp...  sells 4 million iPhone 4S in 3 days - Yahoo! Finance  via 
I promise this iPhone been at 1% battery for the last 3 hours. I see you  .
Impatient de voir arriver Ice Cream Sandwich sur mon  :)   
 buscalo en  ..persona qe se comen a los conejos D:
Ever since I cleaned my Mighty Mouse ball with alcohol to get it rolling again, any time I click the ball it acts like a left click. 
Where is my iPhone!?!?!?! 
Next year is going to be really interesting in tech as  ,  ,  and  vie for new growth areas 
Did  Just Beat  At Its Own Game?  
strange, i cannot put my newsstand app into any group.  wants to be our new paperboy  
Two Extremes of Touch Interaction    -/fea tures/touch-101711.aspx 
 you made it too easy for me to switch to  iPhone. See ya!
Samsung Galaxy Nexus & Android 4.0 Quick Specs -      
   Cute dinner when ur back from shanghai xx
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich announcement round-up   
sail phoenix next stop----> after quimera rock  house
Warning: if iphone apps spontaneously loose data, it might not be the app's fault -  5-caches-cleaning    
Flowers & Apples shower the Santa Monica  store in honor of  
 store  waiting at Genius bar - huge crowd waiting for  4s   
Guess what I spotted a couple days ago... didn't expect to see one especially in the West Village  
 's Ballmer Swipes at  
  Idea Could Let You Search Like Miley 
Hey  ,when unveiling a new product,use a backdrop w/ lots of spatial-temporal high resolution activity. Video codecs will love it. ;)
 : This Is the  Galaxy Nexus,  's New Official Android Phone(via  ) - The... 
The new Samsung Galaxy nexus..      CC  
Android 4.0 SDK now available    
 boo hiss!............  wuhu!!!!!!!! When will my berry powered technology actually work??
 and  need to partner up for the app store
S/O to  for getting me through high school and college....you are appreciated
RT  : [2.0] La recherche cryptee (sur  ) etendue aux utilisateurs connectes a un service Google 
 JL  Fashion GmbH, Zollikon, femme essentielle: SHOPPING: SUISSE: par astramedia: JL  Mode G...  
Demo crime for  dude in white suit. Face recognition for unlocking doesn't work if you wear make up apparently :-)
Can't wait for Ice Cream Sandwich.   
On Google+ then go here      
RT  Three UK to carry the Samsung Galaxy Nexus        
The competition:  introduces  4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and the Galaxy Nexus 
+1  RT _Newton :  PLEASE FIX  !!!! She can't connect to your network!!!!!!!
 store dude "i hear an accent where ru from?" me "no from ct, but ur not 1st 2 tell me that" dude "maybe its... 
 domain fail. Open 2 hrs late for walk in ppl. Store was empty and i only need a skin 4 my screen. You represent customer service FAIL
 's open source search to end: 
Casi 30 anos usando PC, de ellos casi 4 Mac y tengo q decir que el Macbook Air 11" de  es de largo lo mejor. No imagino como mejorarlo
 yes! Tech peeps talk so much about algorithms, but tech should always tie back to people.  proves this 
 releases 50 new features for presentations in   gle-docs-presentations-features/ 
hahaha integrated data usage manager... in sucha brilliant way, sleek design, superb and I'm only watching videos LOL 
 Not Likely to Win Appstore Suit Case Against   apple-not-likely-to-win-appstore-suit-case-amazon/ 
Las mejores aplicaciones para hablar gratis por el movil -   
 and  never rest as they battle in court yet again over tablets.(not the pills)
"  an  iPod Touch from _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!   "
 Why do you have a volume control in the fast app switcher!? Buttons. Volume buttons. You have them. Give me a brightness slider! 
 delivers  preview of Roslyn compiler as a service  /microsoft-delivers-developer-preview-of-roslyn-compiler-as-a-service/11052 
RT  : Googles Ad revenue for Q3 was 96% of total revenue. So, are  customers the commodity being sold to advertisers???
"Kanye West has added you to his circles." yeah, right.   
??????? ???????? ???? ?????? .. ????? ?? ??? ???????? ????? ????? ?????? ?? ????? !! 
 Buzz to the junkyard along with four other services including Jaiku  > liked Jaiku
Just registered as an  developer... Here's hoping I can actually do it... Any help, greatly appreciated!
Dennis Goedegebuures Thoughts on Changes in  Analytics: I contacted Dennis and asked 
Steve Ballmer: Android is for computer science geeks      _ballmer
Anyone know why we can only read iBooks on the iPhone and iPad? Any ideas how to read them on mac? 
 announces   for sharing between Android Phones. Based on NFC technology. 
Not impressed much with the new Android update. But good signs: a readable font, emphasis on design, and less nerdiness. 
  : I really hate dealing with the brain dead people at the  store. For such good products, customer service sucks. in NZ?
Google encrypts searches:  11/10/google-search-  
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich announcement round-up   
 builds a functioning holodesk to interact with digital items 
 to Slash its  Impact in Quincy, Washington - 
 just now seeing none of my Microsoft Office programs work anymore after Lion upgrade. Why??
 Mooi systeem hoor dat films huren, t zou alleen leuker zijn als je ze ook werkelijk kan bekijken!!!  
This is the first time I've been unhappy with any  product... Disappointed, and the Internet seems as confused as I am right now.
AsiaClassifiedToday Apple blames iPhone rumours for share dive - TVNZ: Globe and MailApple bl...    
 just got the new iOS5 upgrade with iMessage...good luck surviving now 
I really hate dealing with the brain dead people at the  store. For such good products, customer service sucks.
 New Effortless-to-Use Texas Holdem Strategy Kit Has the Tools You Require To Turn into a 100%...  
This Moment w/  &  is brought to you by    oh and 
  the chipsets tear through battery life. Coworker has a htc thunderbolt that he gets about 3 hours of life.
Mukesh Ambani:      
I have 4  products...
what is going on with all my  products?! First my  freezes (still is frozen) and then my  won't turn on!!! 
Win an  iPod Touch from _gaga, get the  Hello World Baby Memories App!  
But  ,  the App Store App could really use TABS.
 announces dates for 2012 IO 
should be studying/ doing work but no I'm hold with  HURRY THE FUCK UP! 
RT  :   Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 (photos) 
but seriously  finance me a damn phone you greedy bastards! OR Santa...get your jolly ass in gear and get us a 4S - white plz
Samsung And Google Announce Galaxy Nexus         
quick hands on   by       
 confirms  S will get _Cream_Sandwich -- for real this time (  devices, too)  via 
Hey  and  , this is pretty dumb. 
viva  o  para e copiar a  e copia o  de tao bom que e. Incrivel como a interface metro esta ali,
Surfactants pdf ebook:  
AsiaClassifiedToday Temasek to raise up to $800 million with bond offer - Straits Times: Tele...    
Hey  - need more servers for Siri traffic?  I'm sure Google can help you out with that...
how do you sync gmail contacts with your iphone? help please!  
Ice Cream Sandwich to stop carriers bullying smartphone users   
 stellt  4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich offiziell vor,  jetzt verfugbar 
Danke fur Freifunk auf der   Ruckenwind Gegenwind Werder gewinnt   Nicht vergessen: Um 22h sind die  "Audio Stunts & Mahumba" auf den     nale  Ex-Bgm. Scherf bei Flowin Immo gesehen.  (vorbeilaufen) Da sind mir gerade die ersten Pokemon Sucher auf der  begegnet.   : Der Moment, wo man realisiert dass der Shit gerade serious wird.     Spannendes Thema auf der Mainzer Socialbar am 1.7. mit Input von       Die Socialbar Bremen am 7. Juli mit spannenden Themen!  via  Im on a Midnight Train to Georgia. Also nicht direkt Georgien.    Siri ist doch immer wieder fur einen Scherz gut: Die Mannschaft "Deutschland" spielt heute nicht. Nachstes Spiel: - olympisches-fussballturnier-deutschland-trifft-auf-fidschi-1.2950359  Also das Kind wurde Katarheena genannt, weil der Standesbeamte Qatar-Rihanna nicht kannte?       Weise Worte: "...wenn man Protest zeigen will in diesem Land, wahlt man eben Die Partei und nicht die AfD"  Los gehts: Meine  - Horbuch Crowdfunding-Kampagne      Texas man faces 10 Years for hacking highway sign: "Drive Crazy Yall" (via  )  -sign-hack/  Umfrage zu Open Data und moglichen Apps: Burger*innen konnen Schwerpunkte fur Datensatze und Anwendungen setzen  Hore mich gerade ruckwarts durch den  Feed. Danke  fur den Tipp! Habe jetzt erst erfahren, dass  bei  aufhort. Hat Spa? gemacht zuzuhoren, wie Sie die Sendung zu ihrer Show macht. Hausaufgabe: Vergleichende Analyse der Werke Hotlinebling und Geiles Leben. Wie wird das Thema Entfremdung angegangen?
Recent study of  CTR reveals that top three positions in  receive 35% of traffic.... 
All the info on Ice Cream Sandwich here : -4. 0-highlights.html      
 your service experience is really fucking slipping (except for cute, eyelash batting girlies). ( Store) 
If I was  , I'd publicly denounce and file suit against  . Then buy 'em on the cheap. 
This. RT  Looks like  did not appropriately project the resources needed for Siri. Not very reliable
Did a quick video call test between two diff.  tablets using  & it worked great!  hasn't broken it yet.
RT  : i like big glutus & i cannot lie  <sandra levels lol>
Samsung, Google Unveil Phone  
Good to see  finally turning their focus on user experience.   
 can you please make The battery last longer thanks 
Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus   
 not happy with Apple today. I did the suggested software update and now nothing works!!!
RT  Google shows off new Ice Cream Sandwich features    
  Samsung and Google introduce GALAXY Nexus  
Can search the last 30 days of Gmail, whether connected or not.   
So so excited for all of the new Android features! Awesomeness :)    
Total chaos at  store regent street. Like an Ethiopian feeding station. Can't believe this is same co. that makes all that cool shit.
BUT wait for it , drumroll . . . .
 y  presentan el Samsung Galaxy  , oficialmente.   
Fight: Galaxy Nexus vs. Droid RAZR vs. iPhone 4S    
 nope they wouldn't even let me & my mom switch  she has an upgrade mine isn't do til march?
Ice Cream Sandwich Android:        
  the upgrade just slows down my phone so much, it's stuck half the time. uch. thankfully no other damage. sucks for you :(
I have to change my homepage from  .  Steve Jobs looks like an owl
 battery life suck on iOS 5
...now with Siri were talking to our iPhones... how will we ever know if people are really truly crazy? :P    
  Whats New in Ice Cream Sandwich Android 4.0  
 you need an  iphone4S with Siri!
  GSA Loses $2.5 Billion Cloud Contract Fight: Google recently dropped a case against the D...  
   I already have an ATT wireless line. Can I buy a factory unlocked iPhone 4S with my contract?
I hate you  for not sending Toledo,oh  any  for  even after I pre ordered!!!
Do the Creep  _P and   +dates
RT _EDU : Quality education is vital. Attend  &  session at   
   and with a URL that works 
The new   my friends app is great.... except the part where you have to log in everytime. Get back to me when this is changed...
Believe it or not  process is changing across all countries. Thanks to new social media  ,  ,  +
  Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) SDK and ADT 14 Released  
Love  Easter eggs. Pull down from middle top to bottom and see what pulls down. Awesome little feature!  
 builds a functioning 'holodesk' to interact with digital items -  via 
At the  party, looks good but I wonder who are the better dancers;  or  employees! ;-)
Thank You Steve : A Song Created for Steve Jobs  via     
Your face unlocks the phone, as facial recognition replaces a traditional pass code.  Nexus Prime smartphone
Dear  , I don't want the newsstand icon on my screen. 
New  notification center is a big improvement, but  missed an easy trick by not making it fully available on lock screen.
here comes facial recognition! Face unlock     
La presentazione di Ice Cream Sandwich e appena finita, la scimmia ha gia cominciato a urlare, lo voglio! :D   
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich Official, SDK Now Available   
He bien c'etait cool d'attendre pour voir la conference :-), j'ai envie du   de  mnt, et jouer avec   4.0
Upgrading my  to  . When  said it could take a couple of hours to install and restore it, they weren't kidding.
 eapps/?promoid=INTBW  para que descargues apps para tu dispositivo  de  .
 why don't you guys test your upgrades before you put them out. 15 1/2 hrs u guys wasted of my time yesterday. Thanks.
 unveils Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich  gle-unveils-android-4-0-ice-cream-sandwich-for-smartphones-tablets/  via 
Is at the  store waiting for a poorly iMac to be seen by a genius. Hopefully this will be painless. Not too bad in here.
AsiaClassifiedToday: ITB Asia opens in Singapore - eTurboNews: eTurboNewsITB Asia opens in Singapo...   
So,   -- answer the question we really want to know -- ICS + Nexus vs. iPhone 4S?  
Hey  , when did you hire  to tighten the screws on the bottom cases of your MacBook Pros?  
Google Docs presentation makes PowerPoint weep, beg for mercy  via     
Bob Harper:      
could  lion please integrate vertical spaces in mission control. this horizontal business is making me nauseous
 & Samsung announced their (hopeful) rebuttal to iPhone 4S tonight... site shows nice specs but no carriers yet. 
  Samsung Galaxy Nexus release details still in short supply  
Kan  och  sluta slass om kunderna i rattssalen och med varldens basta produkter istallet sa blir det mycket battre!
On the blog we discuss  embracing of   for big data -    
 Tip:Google considers the first lines of the page important.Put menu,headers+important text on top. 
 No location reminders on ipad2! That was the point of updating to iOS 5
AsiaClassifiedToday: Adopting solar leasing programmes in Singapore, by Rachel Wong - eco-bus...    
Telegraph reports that the biggest threat to  is its power users have shifted to  or  + 
 lol it's  to explain on here lol,    
 announces  -based  Beam for sharing between phones  via 
O android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich agenda de contato esta parecendo o windows phone 7  
 is kinda slow, tho impressed it got my accent and commands first time out. 
1st public test release for the Roslyn project.  giving APIs to the C (and visual basic but ..;). 
 4S in Space  this is amazing   your products inspire people to do unbelievable things
 I'm Chillin in  Commons at  Summit 
 y  tienen todo para romperla con   
RT  Are you making the move from  to  ? >>  can migrate you from  to 
 Endlich: Alle offiziellen Details zum Google Galaxy Nexus und zu Android Ice Cream Sandwich (mit Videos)... 
Google Galaxy Nexus     
 what price should I sell  for
I guess I should go   and  shopping next week. Birthdays only come once a year! Lol
 oficial del  Galaxy Nexus      
The  is  amazing. Siri's voice recognition is absolutely a step above previous attempts. Bravo 
it's in the curve baby     
What Is Ice Cream Sandwich? -  
 unlocking it at  store. RIP, Mr. Jobs.
Ok  idk wth is up but after syncing my phone my album art is out of order! WTF  !
 Kickoff tomorrow 10/20 at San Diego  Store at 6:00pm   or ping me
  I am just waiting for my conf email from iCloud.
 bringing  to walls, clothes, and more  
Thank you  iOS 5 for email pop up on the lock screen and opening it when unlocking.
Why didn't  merge the address and search bars in Safari ala Crome in iOS 5? 
Gostaria de deixar aqui registrado meu agradecimento a  por preservar meu sono. As notificacoes do iOS5 nao apitam na madrugada ;-)
 and  's Ice Cream Sandwich event is at 3am UK time.    Waking up to a lot of news then ... 
.  has a record quarter and because a bunch of professional guessers (aka analysts) wanted more, its a disappointment 
Tipp: kostenlose SEO-Infos  
"3 principal global players will be active in every market...  ,  , &  ."    
CNET    allows multitouch input on arbitrary, everyday surfaces (via  )  
 's plan for bringing its  tools to iOS, Android, and Windows 8
  Meet the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and Ice Cream Sandwich  
Aparece nuevo video del Galaxy Nexus       
On Google+ then go here      
Now all  has to do is get swype on the iphone and it will be crack. Iphone that is
 and  Announce the        
"Waiting for items to copy" in Itunes after everything DID copy goes on, and on, and on.  Come on  , what the hell?
 your simply the best.
.  &  &T u cannot tell me there isn't at least 1 64GB iPhone 4S in LA or Vegas!! Give me a fucking break!!!!
Hey  : stop sending your automatically-depreciate-all-iPhones-older-than-the-4s signal. My  is dying rapidly processor-wise.
Nouvelle application Contacts : les connections Linkedin, Twitter.. sont enfin integrees !  
 can suck my dick gotta restore my ipad 
Android Ice Cream Sandwich and Galaxy Nexus: Everything You Need to Know -  
  Video: Samsung Galaxy Nexus Announcement and Official Promo  
RT  Nouvelle gestion des onglets sur le navigateur  
 Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus 
Fine tune your  strategy with the  Panda 2.5.2 update. Find out how it can affect your business rankings 
 please put the Tab button back in Pages for iPad. That hold my finger down, wait for the insert tab, then touch that for the tab. SMH
Consommation data affichee dans les parametres, avec meme une approximation de la consommation future !  
Welcome to the twitter world  . This is due to  and  thanks guys.
Ice Cream Sandwich SDK now available   
Dear  : Why did all my PDFs and ePub files disappear from ibooks in my iPhone post ios5 upgrade? This hurts.  
My schedule is 2 busy 2 spend UNquality time with   2 recover Iphone again-The mo' mobile I get the mo' immobile I is. Sync Not!
Very nice trivia game by  . Helps you use their search better 
Haven't even freshened up, due to  's  .  now.
yo  va falloir faire quelque chose pour l'app video. Le fait de pas pouvoir laisser la video jouer en faisant autre chose <  diarrhee.
   well so far ive seen it for apps
 " putting people at the heart"? You have GOT to be joking  . Now even copying slogans? Ah I get it, THOSE are not patented ;)
 is here wid iOS5 RIP   
i wish my iPOD had a feature, when it's on the dock to scroll the artist, album, and song title in huge font across it... 
removing all  shit.
 Trademark Poker Full Size Texas Holdem 83 x 44-Inch Poker Table (Green Felt): Trademark Poke...  
Sprint, Verizon & AT&T  Stores 
 Sounds like 2nd day strategy isn't working. We got ours yesterday - in and out in no time.  staff awesome/efficient!
Cant build a website. Get a  website  !  l/en/overview.html 
I am very upset about and inconvenienced by this iphone update failed backup.  
Waiting at end of 20 person line after checking in on time for my "genius bar" appt.  store...I do not find this system "genius" 
YESSS  fix it also slow internet RT  : iPhone 4S owners are you having trouble with Siri connecting to internet?
Tap to focus and face recognition   
Google updates Nexus site with Galaxy Nexus details   
Hey  , the SMS full message is complete shit. Yes, I'm annoyed.
O  acaba de me avisar q esta disponivel a versao 5 pra atualizar meu  4. Como nao cair de amores pela  e  ?!!
The official Kalifornia Cavi Mobil App is now available on the app store - powered by  - Download it free 
Currently ordering a BRAND NEW MACBOOK PRO!!! Bahhh... my MacBook is 5 years old. I'll miss it. But it's time. cc:  -
New Galaxy Nexus: App Improvements -  New visual voicemail within the phone app     
Camarada  , mandale a  los enlaces de los dolares de  que financian a la  porque no quiere creerte... xD
 I committed to your cloud storage iDisk and now it's raining :-( so soon no more iDisk.  Any plans for a new service for storage?
 's  is great but   always had that functionality youtu.be/gGbYVvU0Z5s 
  Ballmer: 70% Of The Time, Google & Bing Are The Same, So Try Bing! by     
Too many iPhones.    
Email with 2 line preview, offline search of any amount of emails you want.  .0 
android beam ???  
   the podcasts feature works just fine, music purchasing is straight forward, what else do you want?
Another great James Stewart story in today's NY Times about importance of architecture in  retail success 
  con el Director  y los mejores profesores  y  !Answers
L'affichage de l'Intent Share est cool sur l'appareil photo :  
Sabias que.... RT  Los usuarios del  desayunan y cenan con la  de  : 
Ok this  software update for the  is taking waaaaay too long! 
Thinking more, I want Android to do an iMessage service & for  &  to interconnect. They would if the cared about their users.
 drops developer preview of its Roslyn compiler  
Find more the best Maytag Washer Control Board deal.Check pric -washer.controlboard-discount.tk   
Ya hoo!  sells 4 million iPhone 4S in 3 days  (via  ) $ AAPL
 Galaxy  hands-on (  )     
 thinks your digital books belong on a digital  , digitally (video) 
Les notifications sont visibles depuis le lockscreen  
  .5 has been nothing but a pain in the ass no room for my music.. Or photos.. Or apps! Can I undo this garbage??
So  the new iMessage is great and all, but is there a way to default to SMS when I'm not on wifi? I have limited data.
Cat accusing tiger for roaring  on 
 MS business intelligence development studio. Where u create SSRS reports and SSIS packages. Wonderful world of  :)So apparently  put MB cap on your SMS with the new update. 25mb storage before it tells you your inbox is full. What is this 2001?
Follow  for insight on  solutions which drive productivity for people and their organizations
 250milioni di cinguettii al giorno e un valore di 8miliardi di $. Tempi duri per  e  +? _Cinguettii
 right where I left it last week...    
?docomo NEXT series GALAXY NEXUS SC-04D???? _rele ase/2011/10/19_00.html?ref=nr_index     
Calling All  Lovers |  &  Like in Hong Kong - A new look at what's new from Android 
C'est quand meme une conference, ou on n'attend pas 1h30 pour avoir une nouveaute....  
New Galaxy Nexus: App Improvements -  New People App to improve contact information     
  Ice Cream Sandwich Feature Closer Look - Roboto Type Face Is "A Pleasure" To Read  
Fellow Michiganders, do the right thing. Get online!  helping  businesses get online 
 well maybe if you would set ya  products to send push notifications it would go through.
Editeur de photo maintenant : redimensionner, .... (ce qu'on avait deja vu)  
Get rid of that tangled mess behind your computer desk with this  Wireless Mouse and Keyboard: 
_n_the_Air  time kml
 How much is the student discount on the MacBook Air in Canada? Your reps have said both $50 and $100. Which is it? Thanks! 
Twitter buzz for Best Buy:  - RT  OH: Sales guy  : "I'm not selling or using any  p...
New Galaxy Nexus: App Improvements -  Quick Response to unwanted calls, predefined SMS's     
Who are the top folks on  +? See this tag cloud:  via 
 springs  on Samsung  smartphone. Android tablets soon?  (TabTimes)
Online Music Industry is witnessing the astounding revolution. Can  manage to seal the supreme console? 
Possibilite de supprimer les notifications en les swipant (comme sur Cyanogen)  
Can Bill Gross Take On  ,  &  + With Chime.in? - Forbes  
  and we'll be running  before you know it.
Parabens  gostei bastante do novo Android 
If you've been struggling to get hold of me, I'm back online with a new iPhone - thanks 
Is it JUST a coincidence that  named their virtual assistant after Tom and Katie's robot daughter?
 incluso si usas   hay una App. Y al igual es mas practica pero es para el navegador
After a week or so with  's  I'm considering going back to  4.2 - same features as 5, plus more. Not as stable, though.
  it's kinda sad that's the most relevant tweet I've seen today. Or kinda awesome. I'm not sure. 
GMusic Unites   with  iOS [  ]  
IHS: iPhone 4S shows key design and component changes.     
  yes salute to Steve Jobs and  . I'm tweeting and you are watching on the IPad. Let's go Schaub time to lead
  First Official Galaxy Nexus / Ice Cream Sandwich Promo Video With Feature Highlights...  
O Ice Cream Sandwich praticamente dispensa apps de terceiros!   Galaxy Nexus
 's galaxy  just came out with  .0. 
 mdr! ouais une mauvaise experience avec les vendeurs  store m'a fait hair l'iphone ;)
Oh, just fuck you,  . Already?? --->  iPhone 5 on schedule for summer launch?  one-5-on-schedule-for-summer-launch/  via 
Bouquet for Jobs  Store Nagoya 
So ya my ITunes is in Japanese???  
Galaxy Nexus: El nuevo telefono de Google y Samsung     
RT  :  wants to transform your hand into a touchscreen:  via 
iTunes is  's worst product. Worse than the  or the hockey puck mouse. It's utterly painful to use.
 have been on the phone with  and  pretty much ever since then. Really annoyed.
 very disappointed Hogwarts not choice on world clock on iPhone
This is better than *every* magazine having their own  !   supports magazines.  upgrade adds "Newsstand" 
Siri is having a hard time remembering who my sister is. contact card needs space for family info.  
Grave c'est meme plus une demi-molle la! RT   devant ICS  
Pissed with whoever designs keyboards with  for not having a home and end key.  working on the CLI i use those keys often
AsiaClassifiedToday Asia Stocks, Ringgit Gain on European Outlook - Bloomberg: Asia Stocks, R...    
From which companies do you experience the best customer service aside from  and  ?
 I could have done with out its not that great  I hear the  is coming out   .inc
 downloads of iOS 5 are proving popular with users  -- 
The lock screen now has facial recognition capability!   
7 Lessons Learned Running an SEO Agency: Posted by neilpatelThis post was originally in YOUmoz, and...   
Microsoft bitchslaps VMware in new paper -  calls out  for bogus benchmark numbers - 
????Android 4.0????GALAXY Nexus??11??? - AV Watch  
  : Lies  . the battery on this new iPhone4S is definitely not any better. << check Settings: 8 times more App usage in iOS 5
  SDK dispo aujourd'hui   
  Android Beam finally makes NFC social  
 main office is  A milli - Lil Wayne.
So apparently  put MB cap on your SMS with the new update. 25mb storage before it tells you your inbox is full. What is this 2001?
 vs Facebook: Get the Whole Picture for Your Marketing  
Le panorama est tres sympa et peut etre coupe a tout moment  
 Eyes A New Approach to Social  
caramba a galera da  mandou muito bem no novo  novidades na app da camera estao d+  \o/ quero o novo Google Nexus :D
Just installed Windows 7 Ultimate Service Pack 1 with IE9. It looks like IE9 is trying to look like Chrome.    
not happy with  right now. the upgrade to my itouch4 took out my itouch and laptop. 
     ja. En dan heb je voor dat geld ook nog een datalimiet....
Would it kill  to put a braille type bump on their earbuds so we know which bud is R and L in the dark.
 Son lo mejor mis chistes los invento en el momento no como vos qe buscas en 
Galaxy Nexus    No se yo semejante pantalla...
Just apply for a job at  , hope they call me lol
Also, I maybe missing something here. But I thought  bought  Mobile? So, what's with all the  Love??
Today's  ? Check  Bluetooth Mobile Keyboard 6000   
 did you know the first  home computer to use a mouse was called 'the lisa' ??
Today's headline:  reports lower 4Q earnings. Headline in 3 months:  reports record Q1 earnings.
 Codename "Data Explorer" CTP Coming Next Month    
Parisian Love: How to impress a French? -0c13 
 Googles Infinite Bookcase: An Abstract Browser For Limitless Libraries 
Updates: Windows Phone 7.5 now available more broadly  
  4.0 y el Galaxy Nexus, no necesitas nada mas...  
 Kickoff tomorrow 10/20 at San Diego  Store at 6:00pm  ping me w/questions 
_m not that I know of. I think it is only on iOS, should get  to make a desktop app :)
 and  unveil   ,  4 at event:  |     
Why do Linux fanatics want to make Windows 8 less secure? - do-linux-fanatics-want-to-make-windows-8-less-secure/4100     
RT _browniee :  gone get it next week i promise! Man you better  tht!!!
siento mas interesante el  + que el  xD
Video:  wallet, see the wow effect ?v=NKuUzN nb8aQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
 To find out what web pages of your website are indexed by  simply Google --> site: 
hmm it seems i should have checked the identity of  first
Damn group meeting disturbin me from watchin the  event
  event featured 
  One thing I hater about this  the  finish so fast am not  now   
  Three UK to carry Samsung Galaxy Nexus  
none of my apps work after the new ios from  . what do i do?!?
RT  : Video oficial del  y especificaciones  El nuevo  insignia de  y 
 How do  &  get   ? Is  ? blogspot  wp 
_Mommy  that's terrible!  I hope you get an apology!
I hate my  computer.  Thats 3500 dollars down the drain.
  Official Promo Video Reveals Verizon Wireless Destination  
 + ...thoughts? to sign up or not to sign up, that is the question...
Galaxy Nexus  the first Ice Cream Sandwich phone coming to Verizon   
I am crazy about  . The photo cropping is the best! 
 Why don't you have a wireless remote for Keynote presentations w a MacBook Air?  Nobody wants to see the pith man navigate w a iPhone
 or windows bridge for windows phones and don't try and pretend apple didn't steal the notification bar from  
 loving the new IOS5 upgrade for the iPhone!
RT  : This Moment w/  &  is brought to you by    oh and 
www.geoloco.tv -  , future of tech, brands, ads in location revolution - 11-3 San Francisco - keynotes  ,  , 
 why is my iPhone battery so crappy 
RT   Researchers Want to Turn Your Hand Into a Touchscreen  rt   
Lucha de Titanes: Las tres mejores alternativas a  Earth  
 El nuevo Android de Google: Galaxy Nexus con Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0: Menudamadrugada del 19 de...  
Putting Leadership Back into Strategy pdf ebook:  
  :  amazing how quickly apple went down the poop tube It couldn't have 2do w/operator error!  Still 
Dear  My new Air is now a notbook since your update killed    
Pondering the iOS update... From the sounds of  's difficulties, I may just hold off :/  , FIX IT!
Patent war intensifies with injunction sought against   ogy/story/2011/10/17/samsung-seeks-injunctions-against-apple-iphone-4s.html 
Lmao I think  is onto something magical! I am DYING!!! haha. Siri suggested where to find whores and where to hide a body lolol
 and  reveal the  running the  ...  
Can they just tell us when  will be available for Nexus S users?   
Personal-finance    raises $10mn from  , Peter Thiels  n  
bagi yg acc USnya di disabled sama apple,email aja itunes store supportnya minta di re enabled lagi
9% now on my second full charge of the day. Pissed 
My iPhone 4S battery lasted longer than a day. That hasn't happened since my edge iPhone. Nice job,  .
RT _Victor2 HoloDesk:  unveils technology that's one step closer to human/digital interaction.  
Hey  ...I know Steve Jobs died & all but my Twitter for iPad app keeps crashing...Fix it...NOW..please..lol -F.Light
yo,  , this update is a disaster
Nokia to reveal multiple Windows Phone devices next    
 must be launching a  - imminent surely.    haha! Please be the latter
             Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 ?feature= player_profilepage&v=-F_ke3rxopc 
Google Fr    : Avez-vous deja essaye Google Earth Pro? Google Earth dispose 
Siri keeps trying to send me to escort services....is that legal? 
 CEO Steve  on Not Buying  : Sometimes, Youre Lucky   
 It has to connect to  to process commands, which it is failing to do right now
Google details Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, offers SDK   
 or  to purchase my imac, iPad, and printer?  ?
How do you get pink eye?  
Fur alle Agenturen, die   fur ihre Kunden betreuen ...   - die Agenturen-Plattform: 
 releases the latest version of  4.0  
 how fun wouldn't it be if it was possible to integrate  ( soon to be named ) with notifications?
 needs to hurry up and release 
 RT __Y  +  = Perfect  sandwich 
I'm suspecting  timed the health-decline of my iPhone 4 perfectly with the iPhone 4s release... My battery is seriously ailing.
Bitch please your vagina has been used more than  .
  Samsung Galaxy Nexus Coming Soon To Three UK  
 To Begin Encrypting Searches & Outbound Clicks By Default With SSL Search  
 Listo Dany gracias =) ...  +
 iCloud was new; I didn't need weather or stocks but they were there pre  so I'm not hopeful that this will help 
Galaxy Nexus: El nuevo telefono de Google y Samsung - Gizmologia  
You know  It's been almost a week since I paid for iTunes Match, I would really like to use it. Any ETA on a fix?
loving new technology from  iPhone 4s, mac air and iCloud are unreal 
 unveils what's new in  4 'Ice Cream Sandwich' 
Tool  to allow users to apply  rules directly from MS Excel. Learn more  .   
AsiaClassifiedToday: Canada Wheat Monopoly, Software Piracy, Swaps Rule: Compliance - Bloombe...    
who the hell is  ?? i dont feel like i care enough to  this bitch so ill ask you guys!
And  I still have an old MBP from 2006 which I use - which can't run  , I still like to sync it!
 sells 4 million on the first weekend.  sold over 30 million Galaxy S II phones globally.
Dont Cast Your Google Adwords Net Too Wide | Mike McCready   
Kan  de  op  en  niet omdraaien?  
Impressive service  genius bar metro centre. Power cable replaced free n booked in for screen replacement for free :- D
Verzoek aan  voor iphone: koppel agenda aan bellen. Zo kun je in afspraak opgeslagen telnummer meteen aantikken en bellen. 
Now who can guarantee that  hd nothing 2 do with  RIM server failure?!Days after, over 4million iPhone 4S sold in 3days!?!
Found out the hard way today that  does not work with  ios5 yet when you are following a link for a meeting..
  improves iMessage + engages  content partners' customers better  with social activity messaging
 colokei no  pra saber !
Is it too much to ask which app is incompatible,  ? 
 I like the  virtual bookcase thank you for sharing
Dear  can I still use  for my  website if I convert to iCloud with my Apple ID for mail and iCal???   thanks!
Only thing  .5 has done is deleted my tiger woods game and made impossible to retrieve. Thanks  !
Over the weekend,  sold more than 4,000,000 iPhones. Thats about 16 iPhones sold every second.
the nice guy at the  store replaced my phone gratis when I showed him the hairline  crack on the screen. thanks 
Not even the Durban rain can stop the part. Prime Circle rocking  
 , Y U NO LET ME PRE-ORDER IPHONE 4S?
 galaxy nexus = orbital laser.  iphone 4s = wooden stick 
 yea! I pre-order through  and they sorry too just like  &T
In front of the  store. So many blue shirts I feel like I'm at a smurf reunion. 
  We saw Ice Cream Sandwich on a Phone, but What About a Tablet?  
The new  phone. Yoooo  icial-galaxy-nexus-spec-sheet-revealed-ahead-of-event/ 
Unwrapping Ice Cream Sandwich on the Galaxy Nexus: (Cross-posted on the Google Mobile blog)
Loving the new iPod update 
 and  Reveals Galaxy Nexus Phone     
RT  : The Perks of Working at  ,  ,  and More [INFOGRAPHIC]  
i used to be with  over 4-5yrs .. after all the disruptions and lost gigs thx to their service im moving to  
 just so I have this right.I pre-ordered an iphone last wk and it will be here in a month. I could buy in an  store today.really?
Did  Just Beat  At Its Own Game?  
  y  son parte del staff de Dios, lo se.
This video brought a small tear to my eye  . Watch to  opinion of  and 
What was  thinking making  totally dependent on a network connection? Siri +  = utter frustration.
 iOS5 is all well and good and has nice new features, but I'm still waiting on an app that will go to work for me.
 I like your app for the  iPhone very simple and easy to use!
Apparently  genius training doesn't extend to clocks & service. They're half an hour late for my appointment and couldn't let me know?
  haha no fuck that its still took sux and a half hours and i have to be up at 7
Recent study of  CTR reveals that top three positions   receive 35% of traffic.  
  you know the issues they have with DST and alarms :p
shit, shit, shit. IOS5 update ate all my apps, data and media just like  said it would. This is going to take some time to rebuild.
Turns out my computer isn't as fixed as it is meant to be. Fuck you  , I'm going back to your Genius Bar to complain. 
  considering his circumstances - suffering faults on/off for long periods -They replaced his phone with a new as a  goodwill
It would have taken me 15 mins to write this with my  . Thank u  4s for converting me and showing me the grass is greener!
Auch Google gefallt das Panda 2.5 Update nicht  Analyse eines Rollbacks  Searchmetrics SEO Blog    
 thx for publicly coming out out of the  closet ... :)
P.S. Did you respond so fast because of  's  ?
Whats new in the  world after  ? Find out at  in Europe. Register at
 Perhaps it's time for  to come out with an app called iSuck that lets you know which apps are killing your battery life
dear invisible intern/assistant: please go pick up my computer from the  hospital so i can upgrade to iOS5. thanks!
Meet  , your new iPhone butler. Click the link and be amazed by all it can do:  
WebGL infinite bookcase UI  ing-infinite-digital-bookcase.html  
 learning all day long-For FREE-SpecTECHular San Antonio. Register?uick. November 10 - 
  Steve Ballmer At Web 2.0: Microsoft CEO Disses Android, iPhone: According to GeekWire, Ba...  
 to stop giving referral data - by moving to  ? 
Ud alguna vez ha llamado al servicio de  support? Se nota!! Con razon le gusta apple : @
If  earnings disappoint, blame consumer PC sales 
Lol bet that Android couldnt do that  RT  : I promise this iPhone been at 1% battery for the last 3 hours. I see you  .
Galaxy Nexus  ICS barometer will undoubtedly be used to add 3D to  Maps.
RT  : How to resolve incorrect file associations in   
????????????????moda?????????  "??????  store ??" ?? / starring:ichiro_,REPEAT PATTERN,COFFEE SHOPS,moda > 
Restored my iPhone. STILL NO TEXTS. DEAR  Y NO LOVE, Y RESTRICTIONS ON MY SMS?  Y NO TEXTS....  
RT  :Is leaving Steve's photo on the  home page what he would really want? In his honor...let's get back to  ...
OK  your accessories policy is out of hand. I need a powered line in to use the mic? Are you KIDDING ME?
Great video  1987 predicting tablets & a form of  at the end of this article RT  : (cont) 
En la tienda de  WoooooW Que legado dejaste  iAdmire U. Esta Repletoooo iFull LOL
 encrypts search data against hackers, marketers 'howl':  | 
 ?????????????????????????? Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich ????
NYTimes: Coach Wants to See You. And Bring Your iPad.    set red 42 red 42 hut hut  wish I had an 
 Is it   or  that bring site  blogspot  wp 
 researchers want to turn your hand into a touchscreen:  |    
Wow...  sold 4 million iPhone 4S in a single weekend...  17/apples-first-weekend-iphone-4s-sales-surpass-4-million/ 
Hello you are find Mesh Jacket Motorcycle? Our site have more Mesh   h-jacket-motorcycle.meshs-discount.tk    
Word of Mouth and the Internet - YouTube    
Cupom Google AdWords +
Not Bad!  Sells Over 4 Million  in Debut Weekend - Bloomberg  -   RT 
i need a hookup, stop teasing me   i want the new 
RT   Launches  Ice Cream Sandwich OS 
is  the next innovators ?
 Researchers Want to Turn Your Hand Into a Touchscreen  rt   
God Bless  ,  for  & our bad ass system. LOVING  . GB to  &  too :)
Android 4.0 OS Ice Cream Sandwich and the Galaxy Nexus is out.seems that smartphones are named by hungry developers  +
  HTC on ICS: 'reviewing its features and functionality to determine our upgrade plans'  
Great Mission :: Ice Cream Sandwich,  mission was to build a mobile OS that works on both phones and tablets
He asked Siri where's the hoes at & she told him where the nearest escorts were I love 
Check out "  ft. Big Hit - My Life's A Movie (snippet) - Prod. by  " - _now/song_ 9731258   Me!!       
??????????????????! -- New mov: "??????  store ??" ?? / starring:ichiro_,REPEAT PATTERN,COFFEE SHOPS,moda > 
RT  We destroying you next RT  : Duh  RT  I got a feeling we living in the last days of Blackberry
  Samsung's Galaxy Nexus - It's Official, It's Headed For Global Availability, And It's...  
   get ready Tampa Bay the Martin's are coming to town! Bring it on Buccaneers!
 $319 to repair my iPad 2, Apple you've lost me and my $700 a year, Android here I come!
2nd  genius apptment running late 2nd day in row for 2nd dodgy iPod . You make mega $$$ hire some staff.
 : Surely iOS5 with it's integrated  would greatly benefit from moving the  at least the '123' keyboard page? 
  I have not heard of that. Hubby had no problems- I have not done it yet.
 i don't think the link you posted suggests that  + traffic is in downward spiral, just corrected for novelty
Causando na loja da 