 shows  still has the taste for smartphone success 
 ... watching the new windows 8 in action...pretty impressive! Finally a contender to mac os.. Interesting battle in store
  Icecream Sandwich OS for Nexus Prime Released! [LIVE BLOG] |   
 addict :)
Awesome!   
Good dev opportunities at  UX Tour, Helsinki Finland 
 yeahh you did! It was about time. Caught the  bug and now i'm hooked!
New Galaxy Nexus: App Improvements - Gmail  offline search of last 30 days     
 Yeah I saw it,  is taking seriously what  has done with  UI but yeah looks good Android 4.0
_b i miss my  boo
enjoy   Idea Could Let You Search Like Miley  great
I can't wait to get the new   with  ... best yet it supports my  Wallet  via 
  The Door To Two   With   ! -microsof t-opens-the-door-to-two- …
I love how it syncs your  bookmarks with your phone!  
 TEAMO Chao!
Blog Post: Cool Tool : Microsoft Mouse Without Borders.    
In terms of unified communications giants, really surprised to see how underrated  is
like my plan?(;
I'm starting to get really concerned, sending hashtags in emails :P  is taking over our lives :D
Guess I'm addicted to  ! Writing the answers to 15 marks University exam questions in less than 140 characters! :P
WHAT!!!!!!   syncs with your  device's bookmarks!?!?! NICE!
  :)
 tests and proves  enterprise scalability! 78K users on one personalization DB -  
This is how charity works these days.    
Data Usage feature looks amazing and useful!  
Thank god Gmail app has been redesigned under Android 4.0. Conversations automatically expanded.   
Welcome Skype to the  family. We can do amazing things together. -/ 
RT : I like 
Ballmer Thinks You Have To Be A Computer Scientist To Use Android    (i agree to some extent)
Mango shows  still has the taste for smartphone success   
Microsoft explains new improvements in Windows 8 Start screen search:  rosoft-explains-new-improvements-in-windows-8-start-screen-search/#.Tp8cPbM4iXg.twitter …    
 I love the "And now it is looking to China:" Apple funds sweatshops there while Gates funds a foundation  
 ---->> 
I love the messages and emails on display at the ice cream sandwich event.."Peanuts are neither peas nor nuts. Discuss"  
That was a good one(commercial). 
Why I love  > Microsoft hosting Kids TechFest to encourage careers in tech   via 
 you have sugar-coated the FSF secure boot reaction. This is blatant anti-  propaganda.
wow -  tech turns your body into a touchscreen  via 
Zune Music arrives in Canada!  une-music-service-set-to-launch-in-canada/ …   
 details Search improvements in  8 Start Screen 
Microsoft Stores offer up free Windows Phone 7 devices    
 ,  ,  ,  are the best pavilions at 
“  : Check out the new   fellows here: - ation/awards/msrff.aspx … poised to change the world!” Go  !
Data usage in ICS.. Looks like I don't need Watchdog 3G Pro anymore.. hah!   
Good god the camera app in Icecream Sandwich is amazing.. and that camera is FAST!    
 ... Did  just ditch Twitter for sleep??  ...  >Sleep
 store here I come to spend my hard earned cash. 
 This whole  change makes more nervous than excited. What about privacy, etc.? I much prefer 
Today I was introduced as BigDealDawson at  !  O  and  media I love you! Teehee xx
Hey parents! Did you know about the free tools from  that help keep your kids safe online? Live Family Safety 
ICS on the Galaxy Nexus has very smooth and responsive screen and widget navigation.   
WP7 is getting there:  Claws Back to Smartphone Relevance: Rich Jaroslovsky - Bloomberg  via 
 Thnx. Isn't  pretty damn amazing! Hope yr enjoying it. Fast like you and I!
My Facebook messed up and I had to make a new one so... add me! Haha at least  is reliable
  Microsoft offers students free access to its technologies to improve employability: Dubbe...  
RT  Twitters impressive numbers    
Microsoft Stores offer up free Windows Phone 7 devices   
Nice talk by    
Android 4.0 FINALLY includes photo editing tools.   
"  details Windows 8 search improvements" - via  
  gives users the power to create compelling self-service  solutions. 
I want some of these  toys
Apples to oranges maybe, but  is way more engaging than  . Content vs. Stalkerismo
Windows Runtime and .NET: Better Together  10/17/winrt-and-net-are-better-together.aspx …    
My 100 tweet goes to  . Thanks for providing me with another way of keeping me busy during school!
RT  :  Research shows  - looks like science fiction, but is science fact  Cool but  no sound
This twitter shit is funny and entertaining ... I haven't did shit all day but my fingers are hurting 
New calendar app with pinch to zoom capabilities. Far superior to the current one!   
I cnt get over that shit lol hell naw 
Absolutely loving the ARC mouse, courtesy of the one and only  .  
When I say I'm going to bed that really means I'm gonna sit on twitter for 30 min then go to bed!  <3
Forget Siri, there is still no beating speech commands on  :  68/theres-just-no-beating-windows-phone-speech-commands …     
  shows  . Awesome!!! The holodeck is one step closer!   /via 
You can literally go back and forth between  ,  ,  and  all do.  is too good.
Will watch this one with interest! RT  :  Codename "Data Explorer" CTP Coming ...  via 
The Future of  : Innovators from  ,  &  Nov. 14-18  Info & registration at  
I love  
New Galaxy Nexus: OS Improvements -  Stacks & Scrolling introduced for widgets  for richer content    
Better gallery app to be included with Android 4.0 as well.   
Microsoft Stores offer up free Windows Phone 7 devices   
Jus updated my computer to Windows 7 .....I'm on thanks to 
Will watch this one with interest! RT  :  Codename "Data Explorer" CTP Coming Next Month 
_Software Yes good points about  but unfair assessment in saying "  ,  and  Dynamics, are not delivering"
Hey parents!Did you know about the free tools from  that help keep your kids safe online?Live Family Safety 
Sounds tasty. :-P RT  :  Launches  Ice Cream Sandwich OS: 
 Research shows  - looks like science fiction, but is science fact 
• Say A Little More On  • Go to Sleep <3
RT  :   less desired than  tablets, says study   
what i love about  it always shows me that am not the only retarded person on this planet when am searching for stupid things :D
Watching the Android announcement from Google and Samsung. IceCream Sandwich looks really interesting.   
Gotta love  - shit goes round the World like lightning-on-speed...
The Samsung Galaxy Nexus and Ice Cream Sandwich are sick!   
 > 
Icecream Sandwich looking good so far.  
Love the  campus!  Love the feeling of the mixer building.  Thanks  bringing the conference here!
The new camera app along with the "zero delay" camera on the Galaxy Nexus is very nice!   
Beam me up  ! Microsoft has  research project: 
one more picture of the services provided in the  . I am in love with  
Danke für Freifunk auf der   Rückenwind Gegenwind Werder gewinnt   Nicht vergessen: Um 22h sind die  "Audio Stunts & Mahumba" auf den     nale … Ex-Bgm. Scherf bei Flowin Immo gesehen.  (vorbeilaufen) Da sind mir gerade die ersten Pokémon Sucher auf der  begegnet. “  : Der Moment, wo man realisiert dass der Shit gerade serious wird.   ”  Spannendes Thema auf der Mainzer Socialbar am 1.7. mit Input von      … Die Socialbar Bremen am 7. Juli mit spannenden Themen!  via  I’m on a Midnight Train to Georgia. Also nicht direkt Georgien.    Siri ist doch immer wieder für einen Scherz gut: Die Mannschaft "Deutschland" spielt heute nicht. Nächstes Spiel: - olympisches-fussballturnier-deutschland-trifft-auf-fidschi-1.2950359 … Also das Kind wurde Katarheena genannt, weil der Standesbeamte Qatar-Rihanna nicht kannte?       Weise Worte: "...wenn man Protest zeigen will in diesem Land, wählt man eben »Die Partei« und nicht die AfD"  Los gehts: Meine  - Hörbuch Crowdfunding-Kampagne   örbuch   Texas man faces 10 Years for hacking highway sign: "Drive Crazy Yall" (via  )  -sign-hack/ … Umfrage zu Open Data und möglichen Apps: Bürger*innen können Schwerpunkte für Datensätze und Anwendungen setzen  Höre mich gerade rückwärts durch den  Feed. Danke  für den Tipp! Habe jetzt erst erfahren, dass  bei  aufhört. Hat Spaß gemacht zuzuhören, wie Sie die Sendung zu ihrer Show macht. Hausaufgabe: Vergleichende Analyse der Werke Hotlinebling und Geiles Leben. Wie wird das Thema Entfremdung angegangen?
We have had a great time at  thanks to all the sponsors, delegates,  and  .
Haven't been on this Twitter shit in a while man. Here because looks like  be haven hella fun on 
•Take Off Make up 
I became a   at  ...Thanks  :)  
 yeah, it shows. glad you have  :)
Check out the new   fellows here: - ation/awards/msrff.aspx … poised to change the world!
Dear  I have missed you. Promise i'll keep in touch more often
 Makes Learning Playful with Help from  and    
RT _mac_ I have been blown away by technological innovations....  should do more  !!
 i love you!
Okay..I feel slightly more connected to the world and have put  and  on my  ..its not the same..but it helps
OMG :) :)   is actually working!  Thanks to my excellent colleague William
Camera app now has Panorama capabilities!   
<3 u  !!!
Dear  , I fucking missed you today, >> internet was down :/
Wow   , lots of uh uh uh uh talk going on... forsure not a   launch were people have public speaking skills
RT  Awesome!  is moving to  as Dev Evangelist for  - we finally get a local
 dishing out free first-gen WP7 handsets at its stores 
In that  mood!
 presents  -  - Very impressive and futuristic technology!
Thanks to Steffen Krause  for a great SQL Server Session  .
Updated live wallpaper. Virtual buttons that disappear when you are in full screen mode. More awesome widgets.  
RT Me too!  : On my way home from 1st day of  . Had great time with   and others  
I like 
New Galaxy Nexus: OS /Hardware Improvements -  Camera Zero Shutter Lag     
Laying down on my bed and I'm on my favorite app.   > 
V. impressed w/ Image Composite Editor from  for creating panoramas from individual images. - s/69699e5a-5c91-4b01-898c-ef012cbb07f7/default.aspx … Tx  !
As an iPhone user, I think the Samsung Nexus Galaxy looks great. And Ice Cream Sandwich looks fantastic.  sung-and-googles-ice-cream-sandwich-event-liveblog/ … 
Another Gem from  - Curate your personal history with  "Project Greenwich".  Available later this month. 
   really  ?   innovation by imitation sad sad
fuck that facebook bullshit.  bitch
Microsoft Stores offer up free Windows Phone 7 devices    
 One really good thing with  is that most people appear to be on the progressive, left, social side. This scares gov.
Is  Down? -junkie.info/2011/10/is-goo gle-down.html … via  Good for  ,  ’s investments paying off
Microsoft Stores offer up free Windows Phone 7 devices   
"Top Three 'playing nice' scores were  ,  and  " in _au "Which  Play Nice" report: 
New Galaxy Nexus: OS Improvements -  Built on Ice Cream Sandwich version of Android     
Inline keyboard spell check is nice  with native voice dictation.  
I lovee   !
Wow, very fast camera on Galaxy Nexus - faster than N9 i think :o 
 is hella coo... like farreal i love twitter.
If you didn't know - Free    on West Coast MountainView Redmond Portland check them out 
Lunch today: 19.00  Eating it at  while attending  ?  Priceless.
 tries to combine the   and  and all of them will share the same neat looking interface.  /10/three-screens-and-a-cloud/ …
Just participated in another   certification test with  typing instead of multiple choices. Really cool.
Unbelievable Data Usage info on Ice Cream Sandwich     
The more i use Office 2010 the more i fall in love it with.   
 up 4 sale - again! Yrs back  almost bought it & now glad it didn't. This could b deal of the year that dosent happen!
I keep forgettin how much i really like  lol
 can be so useful on letting out your feeling when you cant in the real world .
 gives everyone that voice that they believe should be heard by people... unlike real life... lol
New Galaxy Nexus: OS Improvements -  Data Usage tools inbuilt     
i love my background!! 
Awesome!  is moving to  as Dev Evangelist for  - we finally get a local
Håper  lager ny releasepartyguide for  . 
_alex hashtags are used here  >facebook
But fb still sucks &  beats it anyday!
Windows Phone 7.5 Mango Update Process Ahead of Schedule.  dows-phone-7-5-mango-update-process-ahead-of-schedule/ …   
 Bing is The New King of Search, Tipped  Search 
"  details Search improvements in Windows 8 Start Screen" 