If  don't fix pinch-zoom on  2.3.6 soon, I might have to leave the fold and go 
 often crashing:  , what are you doing?
The first thing I do when I get home is either get on  or  . What is wrong with me?
Open Letter: Steve Ballmer, Please Retire - Forbes - Please retweet!  needs a techie leader.   
Screened by RepRisk –  will undergo trial for its alleged anti-competitive practices 
The face recognition unlock would be cool if it works.   
"Yeh behatreen samay hay parivar honeka" says the   in hindi. Preaching family values to indians? Get a local ad agency guys
 ain't showing my current mentions or my tweets retweeted 
 Apps vs.   365: "it is clear that Google Apps should be the top choice" 
 Microsoft !! i hate you again !! 
Is the sound of compliments that sound
RT   be fucking up
just watched the  announcement by  and  .. The only thing keeping me from buying? It's only on  . 
[WebProNews Finance]  Revenue Drop Attributed to  Deal 
People should be more interesting on  and  at midnight. I'm getting bored.
Just hit my hourly usage limit on  . How does that even happen? All I'm doing is listing people...and I was almost done! 
 has frozen some  Live (XBL) accounts after online gamers report they have been hacked. 
I so wish that  from  would have to swallow his words about  :  rosoft/8836153/Microsoft-chief-admits-lucky-escape-from-buying-Yahoo.html …
Also, the  problem.  : Problem for Santorum's electability argument: the double-digit loss in 2006
 is Fawkin up!!!
    only works in  . 
The  guys are illustrating the perils of a live demonstration admirably.   
dear  &  ... learn some presentation 101 first. please.
Okay  , it'd be muchhh appreciated if you could start working on my computer soon.
 go went gone..server issues! first time since ages...now my faith in Tech. from  to  has been completely lifted
 is messed up followers keep switching to same numbers -___-  !
I have been seriously slacking with my  studies these past few months. Blame  and  !! 
Oh how much do I loathe  ??? An hour to 'configure updates' which it is then unable to do so another 20 mins 'reverting changes'...
When u dine with a customer u shoukd never explain abt solutions unless he ask , M$ never lean the concept  
 Revenue Drop Attributed to  Deal 
 ,  lose $13.5bn to piracy: Report 
 on the face recognition not working  
I did the best of everyone who failed - Bill Gate 
Apple + Microsoft...The Difference: How  Eclipsed   :     
RT  : How  eclipsed   <- Microsoft's future is in the corporate world, not consumer
 One Operating System to rule them all and in the darkness bind them. 
+1 RT  : dear  &  ... learn some presentation 101 first. please.
Wtf is a tweet , sounds like tha dam cartoon network    
When  "violated U.S. antitrust laws"—leaving  out of business &  wounded—it played "dumb". 
I would be a lot happier if  Word didn't freeze every 5 minutes.
 show my fuckin retweets bitch
facial recognition failed  jajajajajajaj   
 ,  lose $13.5bn to piracy: Report - The Times of India  ware-services/Microsoft-Adobe-lose-13-5bn-to-piracy-Report/articleshow/10398444.cms …
 timeline and mentions up the shit :(
 got me all messed up everytime i compose a text msg i get stressed I only have 140 caracteres! all dis networkin is gettin confusin
Is  just another evil corporation? Beware when it comes to buying a  PC 
just upgraded to win 8 on my pc only for it to tell me it failed to install and they dont know what happened thats  for you!
 is ruining the friendship with your aggressive  type selling. If i need something i'll ask. Thank you...
 'sMalfunctioningAgain
   is a cesspit. Extreme consultingware. To be avoided...
 just bought  officially. So how's the future of  on any other devices/operating systems? :(
Totally unproductive day with no access to  Excel or Word, aaargh! Will be working late tonight after hubby fixes. 
WHERE THE HECK IS THE  SOURCE CODE ?? WTF 
sledgehammer maybe! RT  Office blues *drink?* RT  :  fail  for fcucks sake 
Internet Explorer 9 is the biggest pile of shit ever seriously  
I HATE 
Distrust and angst amongst  employees against   fixation.  regions/europe/111014/nokia-workers-ceo-microsoft-iphone-linux …
It baffles me that Steve Ballmer can be a CEO of a company, let alone a giant like  - The guys a moron.
After I don't know how many years, you still can't copy a   document headings to  . 
 section of my  account has not been working for 17 hours! Is Everyone else having this problem?  
+1 RT _med : the background is SO horrible for this stream    they should've seen what  did at 
 UH, SHOW ME MY RETWEETS, OR ILL GO BACK TO FACEBOOK. K? K.
I'm not getting all of my   if it wasn't for my emails telling me that some1 replied to me I wouldn't even know it 
good job,  .  did anyone get when any of this shit is actually shipping? 
So much garbage. 
We need dates!   
 German Federal  's got a BigBrother.  spying on its people,  's 32bit/64bit  is target
 With friends like  and  at  , who needs enemies ;-)
  Media Centre GUI  
Ouch!!!    
How  eclipsed  . 
Only people with names beginning with 'A' are getting mail this week (a la  )
 app also doesn't show me the conversation when I touch a tweet.
Man  Is Gettin 
Good lord  send my bloody tweets! 
I've seen a couple of iPhone 4S's already, but still no Windows Phone 7's ... ever!  not so hot.
more like obituaries 
There is nothing like sitting in the workshop all day talking to  and having to talk to them again tomorrow + waiting for parts.
Nokia employees still worried that Elop is a Microsoft mole   
 would get a lot more blog and review love if  provided a tool to grab screenshots. It's nearly impossible 
I'm on day 80-something of my Xbox LIVE acct being hacked. This is worse than PSN hack. Will I ever get it back?   
So im about to make another  account since this one fucked up
RT  : Reader 'Tronman' compares  to an albatross around  's neck.  Do you agree?  Join the discu...
[WebProNews Finance]  Revenue Drop Attributed to  Deal 
Dear  , I should only have to hit the Windows update button *once* when manually running updates, not 4 or 5 times. 
  is terrible at presentations. Hated the terrible camera interference from the huge screen behind the speakers. 
I am quickly falling in love with   . Finally a web-based solution to wave my old  Outlook bye-bye
 is now part of stupid  it seems
 took 6 months to recruit Everson and 9 months to lose her to  via Adweek 
I gave a try to Windows 8 Dev. Preview and it was good but the UI is way too messy right now, waiting for the Beta  
Anyone in  land know if retweets are broken? Haven't seen any since Tuesday.
How  eclipsed   from 
 update is so slow  :(( 
 is currently paying to produce  propaganda to lobby politicians with -- to make racketeering seem "acceptable"
If  had more interoperability between their products (Xbox 360, Windows 7, Windows Phone 7, Zune) I'd be a Windows Phone user.
I don't understand y  mail can work seamlessly in all browsers in all platforms and  Exchg sucks n says you need IE6.
Office blues *drink?* RT  :  fail  for fcucks sake 
With  8,  can't forget past antitrust issues  -windows-8-microsoft-cant-forget-past-antitrust-issues/4112 …
Great time to be a family?   enrages me. Again. 
 eclipsed  
 licensing process is annoying !!!
RT  The fact that  are using a  alongside one of their colour code shows the format is failing, opinions…
Why is  whoring for SAMSUNG? 
My DM's Come in So Fucking Late, Damn 
Danke für Freifunk auf der   Rückenwind Gegenwind Werder gewinnt   Nicht vergessen: Um 22h sind die  "Audio Stunts & Mahumba" auf den     nale … Ex-Bgm. Scherf bei Flowin Immo gesehen.  (vorbeilaufen) Da sind mir gerade die ersten Pokémon Sucher auf der  begegnet. “  : Der Moment, wo man realisiert dass der Shit gerade serious wird.   ”  Spannendes Thema auf der Mainzer Socialbar am 1.7. mit Input von      … Die Socialbar Bremen am 7. Juli mit spannenden Themen!  via  I’m on a Midnight Train to Georgia. Also nicht direkt Georgien.    Siri ist doch immer wieder für einen Scherz gut: Die Mannschaft "Deutschland" spielt heute nicht. Nächstes Spiel: - olympisches-fussballturnier-deutschland-trifft-auf-fidschi-1.2950359 … Also das Kind wurde Katarheena genannt, weil der Standesbeamte Qatar-Rihanna nicht kannte?       Weise Worte: "...wenn man Protest zeigen will in diesem Land, wählt man eben »Die Partei« und nicht die AfD"  Los gehts: Meine  - Hörbuch Crowdfunding-Kampagne   örbuch   Texas man faces 10 Years for hacking highway sign: "Drive Crazy Yall" (via  )  -sign-hack/ … Umfrage zu Open Data und möglichen Apps: Bürger*innen können Schwerpunkte für Datensätze und Anwendungen setzen  Höre mich gerade rückwärts durch den  Feed. Danke  für den Tipp! Habe jetzt erst erfahren, dass  bei  aufhört. Hat Spaß gemacht zuzuhören, wie Sie die Sendung zu ihrer Show macht. Hausaufgabe: Vergleichende Analyse der Werke Hotlinebling und Geiles Leben. Wie wird das Thema Entfremdung angegangen?
 is blowing me ; I can't see my retweets ;(
This is kind of really creepy: Use your search engine the same way as  would  . . . 
first thing on  's to do list: hire a performance coach.
The fact that  are using a  alongside one of their colour code shows the format is failing, opinions? 
WHY DFF IS  STILL LAGGIN ON SHOWIN WHO RETWEETS UR SHITT
How  eclipsed  
  2011 disabling third party software  via 
How  eclipsed  
Interesting read - How  eclipsed   via  (cc:  )
 Lync crash issue on  OS X 10.7.2 [Fixed] - 
I need to get off 
If  came out with gaming console (ala Xbox 360) that blew the current players out of water,  and  would be in trouble
Wilth  mode on in  2010, it seems that  sometimes do not start automatically   
 still didn't managed access to  apps on "older" netbooks.  
 ,  Unveil Phone  1424052970204346104576639860330164044.html?mod=whats_now …
   lets's wait and see if it interests ppl,  does... No one likes  , we are just forced fed WPs
 's latest offering leaves me praying for the Blue Screen of Death. -iL  
 I tried to  the word  and apparently  didn't know either cause my  phone froze.
 is underwhelming: I use skype. It was recently bought by  for  $8.5 billion. As such it has a v... 
Anyone else having trouble with the (i)Pad  app not updating @'s? I get notified but can't see them in the app.
RT _koers :  Apps vs.   365: "it is clear that Google Apps should be the top choice"  
Face Unlock !  Literally knows your face!   FAILED !
RT  i better be able to see my RT's tomorrow  and tell that lil blue ass bird, (cont) 
 y  OFF
 why must you be so difficult?
 workers ask, is chief executive a  mole? 
 arrogance again - Ballmer says you need to be a computer scientist to use  
I hate  PowerPoint!
 : Stand up for your freedom to install free software. Please sign up!    
 A few people are reporting  retweets not working. Probably a technical problem.
From it's laughable file:  will   results BUT only if U have "logged in" so they can maximize their   !
Six PowerPoint Nightmares (and How to Fix Them)    
Too bad  didn't have a tribute graphic for  .
My  acting funnyyyyyyy....
I have concluded, having used it since March, that Windows 7 Ultimate is a complete catastrophe. Mr Gates, you have lost the plot 
Ice cream sandwich, really  ?
Watching podcast of Steve Jobs & Bill Gates at 07 D5. Gates sucks at tech predictions! All talk  
Reader 'Tronman' compares  to an albatross around  's neck.  Do you agree?  Join the discussion! 
So let me get this straight,  makes windows phone, microsoft owns skype but there's no  app for windows phone.
Installing .NET framework, this might take very many years. Come back when your unborn child is in college. 
I hate  right now..
 's  attacks  phones ..... well  is gay, you metro!  rosoft/8835605/Microsofts-Steve-Ballmer-attacks-Android-phones.html … via 
Fixing a pc that thinks it is 1601. I thought  had the Y1.6K issue fixed already. 
i better be able to see my RT's tomorrow  and tell that lil blue ass bird, and fat ass over capacity whale to!
System.IO.File.Delete - You lie! You didn't delete my file, and you didn't throw an exception. WTF!?  
 =  "this is why im never on it now"
How  eclipsed   1/oct/19/apple-microsoft-iphone-steve-jobs … by   
Thanks again  for wasting more of my time. Apple>windows 
 fucking   give me my Damn  NOOWWWWWW!!!!! UGH!  AS ALWAYS    TO
 got DEAD as fuck all of a sudden!!!
 fail  for fcucks sake 
I feel all alone on  . 
Google is gonna need to do better than this to beat     
_Monaffal LOL , i do both .. and for sure   is perfect, simple o ay 7aja ;) .. but sorry I HATE WINDOWS PHONES :P
Android ice-cream sandwich's "Face Unlock" fails to perform recognition when demo'ed on stage :D   
When  broke the law it played "victim". Now it engages in racketeering, calls victims "outlaws" ("respect our IP").
 freezes some  accounts after hack reports -  via 
ICS  is going to kill both Mango   and  .  it already killed webOS and Nokia OS...
  MS11-078 - Critical : Vulnerability in .NET Framework and Microsoft Silverlight Could Allow R... 
 excuse : According to  , it's by design |  
Is  chief executive a  mole?  regions/europe/111014/nokia-workers-ceo-microsoft-iphone-linux … Stephen Elop accused of destroying Nokia so Microsoft can buy it cheap.
Im gonna need  to get all these problems fixed ASAP.
How  eclipsed  | 